Welcome to Family Hour of the Yahowah Vlog.
It's a great pleasure to be here with
you.
We have a pretty complete cast of
characters up there.
I don't know what that background is.
Kevin, where are you today?
Where's Waldo?
This is Mount Moriah.
Really?
At night.
So that's the view from Mount Moriah at
night, huh?
Yeah, it's a live stream.
You're in Jerusalem.
This is what we're going to be live
streaming here in about four years.
Absolutely.
We're going to have the best stream from
Jerusalem.
We are.
I don't know which service we're going to
use or any service at all.
It could just be Yah cam.
Yah cam on every cam.
This would be really spectacular.
I like that background for you.
That's thinking ahead.
And Kirk,
you definitely look better than I think
you feel.
ain't that the truth huh Dr Jeff what's
happening man we're just uh chilling out
and basically the grill is going to chill
and keep out of trouble and uh enjoy
the shabat the uh the grill is going
to chill absolutely and you're at home so
this is nice you're not going to be
called in to save somebody's life today no
no um it'll be somebody else dealing with
it excellent
JB, you're in a stormy, stormy night.
I understand that you are under a tornado
watch even.
Yeah, till ten o'clock tonight.
Although if you were looking outside right
now, it's clear as day, so.
Oh, okay.
So,
and your conclusion is that brains are
awesome.
Oh, yeah.
You know,
what's the sense of being a geek if
you can't act like one, right?
Yep.
I am all for that.
I completely agree.
And Will, what's going on in your world?
Not a whole lot.
Real busy today,
but I was able to prepare a little
bit for the show.
Do a little reading and reciting.
I think it goes a little better if
you prime the pump beforehand a little
bit.
Yeah, that's why I sent you the update.
It's, boy, I tell you what,
in about three or four shows,
when we get to the,
there's an interesting narrative in there
that I think is going to blow everybody
away.
It's been a pretty interesting day today
as I track down the evidence in favor
of something that it was inspired to see,
and we'll get there in a few days.
We have Perry here.
He'll be in and out of the Leah
chair.
It's so that those who don't know,
but our little Qara,
who is this guy's right here's girlfriend,
mail order bride.
So you did it through.
You came from East Texas,
I think she came from, was it Arkansas?
I think anyway, she.
She was spayed yesterday.
And so she's a little sore and tender.
And so Leah slept or didn't sleep,
but hung out with her on the floor
trying to get her through the night.
She does not do pain well.
And Leah doesn't do,
I didn't sleep at all during the night
very well.
So Perry may slip into the Leah seat
sometime during the program.
What we're going to go to today is
the website, and in just a moment,
I'll begin talking about it.
But before we do,
I think we do need to address the
realization of what's happening in Israel
with the Iran War 2.0
It really is an exceedingly sad situation
from my perspective, what's happening.
Not that I have any influence in Israel
at this point, that's going to change,
but I begged Israel not to do this.
There was nothing to be gained and so
much to lose.
And Israel was belligerent.
They went in and assassinated not only a
leader of a country,
but the religious leader of the country.
Rather than prompting the regime change
they thought that they were going to get
because the Mossad and CIA sponsored
protests in Iran.
You could just tell from the protests,
you didn't have to be a genius to
recognize that
You know, they had a thousand here,
a few thousand there.
But when there were pro-government
protests or rallies,
there were hundreds of thousands to a
million people that would show up for
those.
And I've studied the history of
revolutions in nations.
You know, after a while,
you find common denominators.
And while it is possible,
with as few as three to five percent
of our population being in revolt to take
over the country,
it happened in the Russian Revolution,
where only three and a half,
four percent of the population
nation was actually in favor of Lenin and
the socialists, but they were belligerent,
they were armed, they were deadly,
they were ruthless.
And so they took over a country where
the rest of the people were fairly
apathetic.
The same thing is true in Nazi Germany.
Initially,
the brown shirts and Adolf Hitler's clan
were
three and a half, four,
five percent of Nazi Germany.
But they were so ruthless,
so belligerent that they took over the
rest of the of the country.
So it is possible with that smaller
percentage, even if you.
Oh, my.
Thank you, Wookie.
Let's see if we can undo what you
just did.
Wookie stepped right on the keyboard of
the computer that we're going to use later
on to do this program.
OK, Wookie, you're a.
You're done.
OK, there you go, pal.
All righty.
So that's the end of the Wookie.
So no more participation from him.
He's got other things to do.
His girlfriend is back from the hospital
and he wants to be there beside her,
I suppose.
We even had a Wookie.
This is Wookie's drink glass so that he
could have his without him.
His own.
Without him drinking my cappuccino.
So there you go.
See you later, Wookie.
And the reason,
there's a lot of reasons that I begged
Israel not to do it.
And one was that I knew there was
zero chance under the circumstances that
we were watching there was going to be
regime change.
And, you know, listen,
I think I've had as big an influence
as anybody can have on Iran.
When I wrote Prophet of Doom,
by far the highest readership per capita
was in Iran.
Nothing anywhere close to it.
And
And I got constant emails from Iranians
saying that that book changed their lives.
And we went from a situation where about
ninety five percent of Iranians viewed
themselves as Shia Muslims to if you take
internal polls of Iranians now,
it's only about forty percent that
perceive themselves to be Shia Muslims.
And Prophet of Doom made a huge difference
in all of that.
So I've had an influence there.
But I knew that every time there had
been protests in Iran,
that nothing materialized of them for
numbers of reasons.
One is that the protesters are not,
I'm not advocating they be ruthless,
but I'm just telling you that if you
have a small percentage in the three to
five percent that are protesting,
If they're passive,
you have no chance of prevailing.
Now,
there have been protests where the
protesters were peaceful and they
prevailed like Gandhi in India,
but he didn't have three to five percent
of the population behind him.
He had, you know,
sixty to seventy percent,
maybe eighty percent of the population
behind him.
And under those circumstances,
peaceful protests prevail.
But that is nowhere,
anywhere close to what happened in any one
of the protests throughout Iran over the
last decade in particular.
And every time they've happened,
everybody jumps up and down and says,
this is it.
The regime is done.
I've said, no, the regime is not done.
And that was part of it.
The other half of it is that.
If you're going to have a successful
protest, you have to have an alternative.
You have to have something you can rally
around.
It can't just be we don't want what
we have.
It has to be we don't want what
we have because we want this alternative.
There is no alternative in Iran.
They absolutely don't want to go back to
the monarchy.
Shah is not the answer.
Donald Trump says,
I won't pick the future leader of Iran,
but only after they have unconditional
surrender.
He is absolutely living in his own mind.
And that's a really scary place because
neither of those two things are going to
happen.
But there isn't anybody for them to rally
around.
There's no alternative to what they have.
There's no secular alternative.
And the religious alternatives in the
Islamic world always make a situation
worse.
And that was the third point I was
saying that.
So, number one,
they don't have the numbers.
I mean,
not even close that they're by a factor
of ten.
They don't have the numbers to prevail in
a protest for regime change.
Number two,
they don't have an identity to rally
around,
which is absolutely necessary to have
regime change.
And they're...
There isn't in Iran any possibility that
you're going to bomb them into compliance.
When you bomb people,
they have a tendency to hate you.
And when your first day of bombing kills
over a hundred little schoolgirls,
they hate you a lot.
And so you are absolutely not going to
engender yourself to the Iranians by
bombing them.
And the last people on Earth that that
Muslims,
even if they are even secularist Marxists,
are going to embrace us.
Oh, boy, we really love those Jews.
They're so good to us.
We'll join the Jews.
We'll be we'll be.
Partners with them.
This was completely delusional.
And then the fourth issue is that look
at the history of CIA and Mossad sponsored
regime change.
How did it work out in Libya?
How did it work out in Iraq?
How did it work out the last time
in Iran that we did it?
Just staying at home in Iran.
How did it work out in Afghanistan when
we did it?
How did it work out in Iraq when
to work out in Somalia and then the
Sudan every time we we've done it it's
been worse and so there is no history
of a favorable regime change look at Syria
we went from a really hideous guy in
Assad to the Islamic state for crying out
loud when are people going to wake up
and say oh my regime change in the
Islamic world is a really bad idea and
so there was a zero percent chance they
were going to get that
Now, if you're not going to get that,
how do you win?
How does bombing cause you to win in
a country the size of Iran,
which is the size of Western Europe,
with almost a hundred million people?
What are you going to do?
You're going to bomb the whole country
into oblivion?
You can't do that.
Are you going to take out Tehran so
it becomes a parking lot?
Are you going to kill...
Three, four, five million people?
No, you can't do that either.
What are you going to do?
You can't turn it into Gaza.
And that didn't work for you either.
There is no way to prevail.
You cannot bomb a country into submission.
It's just not going to happen.
And you don't understand the mentality of
Shia Muslims.
They want to be martyrs.
They are not going to capitulate to you.
Iran is particularly difficult terrain to
deal with.
It's almost impossible to invade them.
They're in a bowl.
They have mountains to one side and it's
just very, very unfriendly terrain.
And, you know,
that was part of the issue that Iraq
had with the Iraq-Iran war.
But I'd say that's a tough one.
Well, that's very close to being accurate.
There's not mountains on one side.
There's mountains on three sides.
And the only place where there's not
mountains is in the due south.
And if you came up from the due
south,
you know how far you'd have to march
before you got to Tehran?
and how many other ranges you'd have to
cross.
It's impossible.
So you can't do a military action with
boots on the ground.
And even if you tried,
it would be the immediate destruction of
the United States.
We couldn't support it in any which way.
Nor morally justify it.
It wasn't morally justifiable.
And so there is no way there was
zero way to prevail.
You know,
the last time Trump was so insistent that
he took out their entire nuclear program
and set them back decades in terms
obliterated, he said.
And I had studied the satellite photos and
I told you that, no,
I have I have absolute one hundred percent
confidence.
that he didn't even damage it,
that a hundred percent of Iran's sixty
plus percentage of fisal purity uranium
still exists and that they could complete
a bomb really at any time of their
choosing.
It wouldn't even take them two weeks to
if their tritium stack pile is around.
It's about forty bombs that they could
create depending on the yield and half
that number if they don't have their
tritium stockpile.
And that's been the case now for some
time.
And yet he claimed the otherwise.
And then when you have this pretext of
we're negotiating and you're negotiating
Texas,
you will destroy all of your missiles.
will become defenseless you will
completely you will give all of that
uranium that you crippled your country for
years from sanctions to enrich and you're
going to give it all to us not
to a neutral party not to Russia you're
going to give it to us not that you're
not going to make any more you're going
to give it all to us and you
will not enrich anything even to three
percent physical purity going forward
I mean, come on.
And you will not fund any of your
Islamic buddies and other places in the
world.
So you'll stop being a Muslim.
I mean, come on.
It was utterly stupid.
There is no way to win that war.
And if there is a battle between missile
and interceptor,
There's no way to win that.
It's impossible to win a war between
missile and interceptor.
The interceptor always loses even when it
prevails.
What do I mean by that?
Typically,
it's two interceptors per missile shot
down.
The interceptors,
depending on which variety they are,
run from one hundred and fifty thousand
dollars at the lowest end and and the
Iron Dome upwards to that or like fifteen,
eighteen million dollars a missile.
and the missiles that they're shooting
down run anywhere from drones at five
thousand dollars up to twenty thousand
dollars for a drone and then missiles
anywhere from a half a million to a
couple of million dollars you will always
economically you lose a hundred percent of
the time in that war and then there's
the also the problem of the interceptors
are in low supply and
In two weeks time,
you could go through the entire supply of
interceptors and it would take years to
reestablish a new supply all the while,
here come the missiles.
So why would you do that?
And then you have a tiny little country
where seventy percent of your population
is around Tel Aviv and you're fighting a
country that's the size of Western Europe.
How are you going to prevail in that
kind of a scenario?
It just was utterly stupid.
And then, of course,
the first thing they're going to do is
close the Gulf of Hormuz,
which is going to take oil from what
was fifty dollars a barrel now upwards of
one hundred dollars a barrel.
Within two weeks,
it's going to be one hundred and fifty
dollars a barrel.
Well, out of your mind,
you're going to cripple the world
economically.
And then, you know, Iran is
has taken three quarters of their missiles
and they have shot them at America's
allies in the Middle East that are not
Israel.
I mean,
three quarters of those missiles have gone
to places like Bahrain.
You know why they're going to Bahrain?
because that's where the Fifth Fleet is.
That's where almost all of the America's
coordinated assets are.
The first day they took out our primary
defense systems in terms of the radar
systems for THAD and guidance.
This was so stupid and every aspect of
this was knowable before the war started.
The only thing that I missed
is I told Israel that because of the
fact that in the last war,
they took a favorable Israeli party and a
neutral Israeli party,
and we turned them both into enemies.
And they now happen to be two of
the three most powerful countries on
earth,
the economic engine of the planet and
probably the most sophisticated military
on the planet at this point.
Prior to attacking Iran,
Israel had a very good relationship with
Russia.
The Russians always listened.
They made accommodations.
Not anymore.
Now Russia views Israel as an enemy
because of the fact that Russia has been
forced into accommodating Iran because of
U.S.
sanctions and because Israel has sided
with the Ukraine against Russia in that
war.
And China went from Israel's second
largest trading partner very close to the
United States and the operator of its
ports and a number of other things that
are really huge with China and turn China
into an overt enemy because it gets forty
percent of its oil from Iran.
And so you turn those two countries into
enemies.
That's really stupid.
That means that now you're a vassal of
Donald Jr. Trump,
which is what Netanyahu achieved.
And Donald J. Trump,
as we proved in this last program,
is Rahab.
He is the great betrayer.
He is Satan incarnate.
No question about it.
The prophets have spoken.
They're never wrong.
Israel has become a vassal of Satan as
a result of turning the rest of the
world against it.
And they already had antagonized the world
to the point of complete isolation because
of the destruction of Gaza.
I will never say destruction of Gaza in
a vacuum.
The Muslims antagonized them into that war
on October seventh.
But the response was not smart.
The response actually was suicidal for
Israel.
Destroying Gaza destroyed Israel.
And so you can't follow that up after
you've destroyed Gaza with starting
another war against Iran and bombing its
capital.
Everybody that's anybody is condemning
Israel.
This was utterly suicidal with what they
did.
So I begged them not to do it.
And now here they are spending their
nights in bomb shelters and they're under
the, um, uh, the attack of,
of cluster bombs.
I don't know if you've seen those, they,
they cluster munitions, but Oh my God.
And, uh,
That was foreseeable.
I mean,
the Houthis shot cluster munitions.
I've posted the pictures of the Houthis
cluster munitions.
It's the same ones.
And you can't say, well,
this is uncivilized and a war crime
because guess what the United States did
in Afghanistan and Iraq?
Tons and tons of cluster munitions against
civilians.
So, you know,
you put it all together and it's a
it's a pretty damn big mess that they
made.
And now Trump is saying that, you know,
he wants to negotiate an end to the
war.
And then and that's one statement.
The next statement is I will only accept
unconditional surrender.
What I had not seen is there's two
things I did not see.
One is I expected China and Russia to
engage in the defense of Iran and they
didn't.
And so I'm saying, hmm, why?
And I think that the answer is fairly
straightforward.
They've already negotiated deals with
Bahrain and UAE and Kuwait and Qatar and
Saudi Arabia to
do business with them in terms of oil
and gas.
And they recognize that if the United
States destroys itself over the Iranian
war,
it's a double win because they not only
kick the United States out of its bases
in the Middle East because of all of
this,
prove the United States is a villain and
can't be trusted,
which is exactly what they want,
But they destroy the petro dollar because
none of these nations are going to honor
the petro dollar anymore.
And they move in as part of BRICS
into all of these relationships.
It is advantageous for China and Russia to
sit it out.
Russia now has oil,
which runs its economy,
selling it three times what it previously
was.
And that was a source that the world
needs because it ain't coming from the
Middle East.
So it played right into Russia's hands and
it played right into China's hands.
And so there are better options.
If there's no Iranian boogeyman,
then Saudi Arabia doesn't need any treaty
with the United States.
That's the only thing.
That is correct.
You know, Craig,
you basically have the Russians and the
Chinese playing chess.
And you have a megalomaniacal Rahab who is
delusional and is a cognitive dissonance
on steroids who it's,
and has coupled that with abject
mendacity, absolute mendacity.
And you have the situation that you have.
And then you have Netanyahu who is just
an obsequious, subservient lackey.
And yet the anti-Semites in the world are
basically thinking that Netanyahu is
running Trump.
That's exactly the opposite.
Yeah.
Yeah, Trump is playing Netanyahu.
He's going to drop him like a hot
potato, though.
Now,
the second thing I did not see is
that I will acknowledge that Persians are
bright.
The average Muslim IQ, Arab Muslim,
Fakistanian Muslims really low in the
sixties and upwards into seventy, really,
really low.
But Persians are bright.
They have a long heritage of education and
invention.
The Persians are really bright.
And so the Ayatollah, guess what?
He did what the Russians did.
It's called the dead hand.
Anyone of you familiar with the Russian
dead hand?
You know what that is?
They fire the bomb no matter what.
It means if you do a decapitation strike
against the Russian leadership,
thinking without the leadership that the
country will surrender,
all of their nuclear arsenal automatically
fires.
No one can stop it.
It's called the dead hand switch.
All right.
So why does that relate to Iran?
Do you know?
They're doing it.
They're doing them all.
Yeah.
because the Ayatollah set himself up to
die.
He let him know where he was.
He expected to die.
He's eighty seven years old.
He's going to die soon anyway.
He let himself become a martyr before he
did that.
He wrote the dead hand switch for Iran.
He told every operator
In the government and in the military of
Iran, these are your orders.
They do not change under any circumstance.
This is what happens when they kill me.
This is what you do.
It is the dead hand switch.
Not only is there no one to negotiate
a surrender with, which will not happen,
or even a ceasefire with.
There's no stopping the war.
He made certain that if the U.S.
attacks...
Iran wins,
and he knew that Iran would win,
that the US bases would be unusable,
that the petro dollar would crash,
that he would destroy Israel.
And so he outsmarted everybody.
He set himself up to die with a
dead hand.
You got played again, Israel,
just like you got played on October
seventh.
I know that sounds terrible.
They came in, the Muslims did,
and they raped you and they plundered you
and they
committed acts of mass murder,
screaming Allahu Akbar.
They did it to play you.
The purpose was to get you to attack
and destroy Gaza because when you did
that,
they could isolate you from the rest of
the world and claim that you were crazy
and genocidal and their plan worked.
They have average IQ’s that are sub-sixty,
yours are average above one-fifteen,
and they played you and you lost.
And now you did it again in Iran.
Maybe it's time for a new leader, Israel.
What are your thoughts, gentlemen?
No, Israel's not going to... No, go ahead.
Kirk, go ahead.
I was going to say,
we have been here a long time and
know the script.
We know what you've said.
We know what Yahowah said,
what the prophets have said, so...
It's not a surprise we were anticipating a
lot of this.
You told them what to do when they
invaded,
when the Gazans decided to come and
invade, and they said,
I thought it was brilliant.
I said,
just hold hostage to their temple and
their thing on Mount Moriah and blow the
sucker up.
I gave them a five-point plan on the
morning of...
of October seventh, twenty twenty three,
I composed what was a hundred page open
letter at war with religion to Israel,
told them exactly who their enemy was and
who the enemy was not and precisely how
they could conduct themselves to prevail.
And in addition to telling them what they
could do to prevail,
which would have worked,
I told them what they were going to
do and why it would fail.
And I did it all on
October seventh of twenty twenty three.
And if you want to read it,
it's all there for you to read in
and volume one of Goddamn Religion.
Go to YadaYah.com.
Go down to the bottom.
You'll find the Goddamn Religion series
open bottom volume one.
Go to the at war with religion chapter.
That is that open letter tells Israel
exactly what you needed to do to prevail
after Al Aqsa flood.
And why that would work.
And what you would,
I predicted everything that Israel would
do and why it would fail.
And guess what?
All turned out that way, didn't it?
You know what's distressing, Craig?
You know what's very distressing is that
the Muslim world, using the face of Hamas,
used, with their low IQ,
the Khaybar paradigm, whereas Yahuwdym,
with their lofty IQ’s,
got played again and out-celebrated by the
Persians.
Yeah, you know,
the interesting thing is that in god damn
religion,
I cover every moment of Muhammad's life.
Every moment.
I set everything he said and did into
the context of the Quran.
I reorder the Quran chronologically.
And I set it into the context of
Muhammad's life using the Hadith.
And one of the most vivid episodes is
Khaybar.
When we started the Yahowah vlog was one
of the first programs I did.
And today around the world, Khaybar, Khaybar,
Yahuwd.
They're reminiscing of Khaybar.
October seventh was Khaybar.
It was an early morning attack by Muslims
against a farming community of Jews.
It was the first time that the prayer
of fear was uttered,
meaning that Allah is greater than the God
of the Jews, Yahowah.
And every aspect of it, the murders,
the tortures, the rapes, the plunder,
every aspect of it was identical.
And yet,
because of the universal ignorance of Jews
to their enemy,
they not only let it happen,
they watched it happen,
they were paralyzed as it happened,
and they've had no clue how to respond
to it since.
This is where we are.
This is why we're seventy some odd days
from the time of Israel's troubles,
and there's no solution at hand because
Israel didn't listen.
Israel might say, you know, who are you?
You know,
you're a gowy living in an island in
the middle of the Caribbean Sea.
We've got our IDF.
We have our Mossad.
We have our Shin Bet.
We have our IDF intelligence.
We have our our political parties.
You know,
we have a country where every man and
woman serves in the military.
We live in the midst of this.
Who in the hell are you to tell
us what to do?
How's it working out for you?
They lo Yada Yah.
Lo Yada Yah.
Let me just give you a clue.
There's over a thousand references to the
role I'm playing throughout the Towrah,
Prophets, and Psalms.
It's all there.
It begins in the Towrah.
Why don't you look up Ezrachy and figure
out who the Nakry is,
the observant foreigner.
Why don't you read the book of Isaiah
and figure out who that Choter is.
who the man from Edom is.
Yeah, it's all there for you.
And that's why you should listen.
I know your God, you don't.
I speak for your God,
you won't even listen to him.
This is the difference.
I know what the prophets say, you don't.
I want to pull my hair out of
my head when I hear this,
because this is the fruit of, you know,
and Akiba,
and that even the non-religious secular
Yahuwdym have been so tainted and
influenced that it's closed off the minds
and eyes of any rational thinking Jew.
Correct.
Yeah,
Jews have completely isolated and
estranged themselves from Yahowah,
both as Marxists and as Haredi.
And so it's not just a fringe,
progressive Marxist socialist Jews,
which are anti-Yahowah,
don't even care anything about God,
and the Haredi that are antagonizing God,
that are God's biggest enemy,
because that sixty percent of the middle
is all tainted by them.
I mean, they're celebrating Purim.
Why don't you find Purim for me in
the Towrah?
And they're looking forward to celebrating
Passover as a seven-day holiday.
Why don't you tell me where it says
that Passover is seven days?
It's Chag Matsah that's seven days.
Passover just happens to be the first day
of Chag Matsah.
Why don't you tell me about the Rabbinic
celebration of Chag Matsah while we're
here?
Do they have any clue what it means?
They celebrate Passover as if Passover was
their freedom from slavery in Egypt.
No, it wasn't.
They didn't go anywhere on Passover.
Open the door to life.
Matsah is the separation from and escape
from religious and political corruption.
You have no idea what Bikuwrym is.
You don't even celebrate it.
You've got, I mean, absolutely clueless.
You have no idea what Shabuwah is,
but you celebrate Purim.
You celebrate Hanukkah.
Why don't you find Hanukkah for me in the
Towrah and prophets,
please give you all day.
You won't.
You celebrate Rosh Hashanah for crying out
loud.
Why don't you find Rosh Hashanah for me
in the Towrah and prophets?
You claim that you're Towrah observant.
You find it for me.
Because it's not there.
You tell me why you celebrate Yowm Kipurym
as singular as opposed to Kippurym when God
always says it's plural.
And you make it a day of atonement,
of self...
denial.
Doesn't it mean reconciliation?
Why would you deny yourself on a day
that God has said,
this is the day to reconcile our
relationship?
You screwed up Sukah to the point that
you think it's about building little huts
for you to hang out during the day.
So you can pretend to be religious and
be seen as opposed to a return to
the garden,
even though that's what the prophets say.
You don't care what the prophets say.
You erased Yahowah's name.
You're waiting for an unknown Messiah to
come on an unknown date when the actual
Messiah is known, and Yahowah says,
I anointed him,
and I'm bringing him back as king of
the world, and the date is known.
It's October second, sunset in Jerusalem,2033, Yowm Kipurymym
And you're clueless to all of this.
How come I know it and you don't
know any of it?
Why do you think that Maimonides has got
the calendar right when he was serving
Saladin,
when he was based it on the Quranic
magic number of nineteen and the
sanctification of the moon?
He's one hundred and ninety seven years
off and he didn't even start it on
the right event.
He started it on creation,
which means he's fourteen billion years
off.
And you're still presenting the Rambam's
calendar.
Good God, you're lost.
That's why you go off and believe a
political leader like Netanyahu,
who is nothing but a warmonger and
destroyed Israel in the process.
Yeah.
It's absolute Towrah illiteracy,
Talmud observancy,
and basically the words of Howsha 4-6
have never rang truer.
I mean, it is in their face,
and they just are oblivious.
My people are destroyed because they're
stupid.
Lack of knowledge.
So he said lack of knowledge.
What is their difference?
My people are destroyed because they're
ignorant, because they're irrational.
That's what he said.
And he said, because you ignore my Towrah,
because they
have labeled their Talmud Towrah and they
prefer theirs.
He says,
I'm going to ignore your children.
And then after telling Howsha to marry a
religious whore, he says,
now we're writing a letter so that you
understand and you can empathize with my
situation with Israel being a religious
whore.
I'm divorcing Israel.
I'm out of here.
And I'm not going to return to Israel
until Israel returns to me.
And that isn't going to happen for another
seven years.
So there's individual hope.
There is no national hope for Israel.
It's going to be really bleak over this
time.
May I ask something?
I've been probably more saddened and
depressed almost lately because of all the
events and everything,
even though I know they're all coming and
I've studied it for years.
And I was talking to Sylvia,
who has two very Jewish sons who happen
not to be religious or political.
And there's hope for them,
but we want them to be with the
family at some point.
But we've kind of reached a point now
where,
and I think even you alluded to it,
that it's not much chance we're going to
reach anyone who's not already engaged at
some level now.
until we return and the chariot delivers
this future family at that period because
they just have to have so much pressure
to do anything because logic doesn't
appeal to them at all.
They just won't look.
I've shared with you the dead hand.
There's a thing called a life hand.
It's the hand of Yahowah.
And it's pretty astute in the way that
it guides.
Um,
sometimes the one that it's guiding
doesn't pick up on it as quickly as
he should,
but sometimes people around him pick up on
a little faster than he does.
In the case, the,
the guy with the nifty gray beard at
the top,
he was the one that picked up on
it sooner than the rest of us.
What he recognizes.
There is no point to try to invite
anybody now into the Shabuwah harvest,
not enough time for them to learn,
process the information.
accept it,
not only respond to it and engage,
but demonstrate they can be trusted.
God is not going to harvest anybody that
he can't trust, period.
End of conversation,
not going to happen because there's just
too much that goes along with it.
Too much power, too much enrichment,
too much liberation.
God's got to be able to trust those
people and he can't.
There's no way anybody can come to speed
in the amount of time we have left.
even if it's a year and two months
away or if it's just two and a
half months away.
So we aren't doing that anymore.
And then I noticed that on X and
on Facebook that we're using to reach out
to new people, flat-lined.
There is absolutely no chance we're going
to increase the number of people that are
part of the Shabuw’ah Harvest,
nor should we even try.
Yeah.
Our purpose is to build the absolute best
repository of books and vlogs and tools
that are absolutely possible to be here
while we're gone and to reference when we
return and then use during the millennial
Shabbat.
The website that we're going to go and
examine here in a moment,
it is specifically being built for that
purpose.
It is to,
to equip those of us who are already
covenant and have a responsibility going
forward to be better stewards of,
of that responsibility.
And then to be the thing that we
point to when somebody went on ElYah and
I are talking from the temple Mount,
we're not going to give them the short
version.
We're not gonna give them a personally
crafted story of what they should accept
and how they should respond.
We're gonna tell them to go read,
go listen, go learn.
And if you don't have the want to,
you're not willing to do that,
then go away.
That's just it.
Three and a half years of that.
Yep.
Right.
So they have three and a half years
to come up to speed.
And those with speed in three and a
half years and then prove themselves over
that period of time,
they'll be part of the Taruwah gleaning.
And all the rest,
our emphasis is to do what I had
a lovely conversation with Joe.
His children are not covenant and he loves
his family.
He loves his children and he loves his
extended family and his parents,
none of which are covenant.
However, none of which are religious.
And so they also have Jewish DNA.
I said, well,
then you're in exactly the perfect place
because that is the whole purpose of
Taruwah and God bringing everyone who is
both gowym and Jewish,
who is not overtly religious,
who can benefit from the sacrifice of the
Adamah Parah and who can grow and
prove themselves during that thousand year
celebration of Sukah.
So that is the answer and that's what
we're attempting to do is to cultivate
that opportunity and for us to be as
effective stewards as is possible with
this responsibility.
That's who we are,
that's what we're doing.
That's why we're gonna go through the
website as it is now and then we're
gonna talk about the website as it will
be going forward because that's our home.
And it's important that we know that.
And, you know,
I've talked about this in a number of
programs.
I could not be happier with the
frustration that we have experienced and
the hostile environment, the hatred,
really, that we have on X and Facebook,
where Grok literally despises what we have
to say on X and make certain that
no matter how many posts you have,
no one will see them.
And no matter...
How many people you're following,
you will never see their posts.
They have turned X into a total waste
of time.
But it's worse than that.
It's like diving into a cesspool while
accomplishing nothing.
You can't even tread water in that
cesspool.
And on Facebook, completely ruined.
Can't say anything.
They've set up a system where they feed
you bad material.
all manner of images that are faked,
statements that are untrue.
And when you comment and said,
this is untrue, this is faked,
then they flag your account for passing on
that which is untrue and faked.
It's a lose-lose scenario.
So but it's OK.
In fact,
it's better than OK because there was no
advantage of being there other than in
both places amongst the covenant family.
We had communication and it's nice to be
able to communicate one another with one
another in covenant.
So we're going to replicate the
communication ability on the Web site.
We're going to have a better version of
X and Facebook on our Web site for
our family.
And it doesn't exist for anyone else.
That's the purpose of it.
and it's to equip us and you'll be
able to take the images.
You wanna solicit a friend and the
invitations that are there,
the posts that are there,
you'll be able to click on any of
them, save them, attach them,
send them to friends,
whatever you wanna do with it and reach
out that way or invite people to the
site.
So that is where we're headed and it
makes so much more sense.
to be there and not
throwing our pearls before swine.
One of the challenges on being on X
and Facebook is you are surrounded by so
much disgusting material from the
conspiratorials, conspiratorialists,
from the Twistians, from the Maga-ites,
from the Marxists, from the Muslims,
that when you realize that you're
surrounded from the anti-Semites,
that you are surrounded by so much
hostility that
One of the responsibilities to be part of
the covenant family and be with Yahowah is
when you're surrounded by hostility and it
enters your presence,
you have to respond to it.
That is our responsibility.
And so when somebody says,
Jesus is the Lord, I got to say,
no, Jesus never existed.
He is nothing but a crude counterfeit and
a complete and utter fraud.
And so you have to respond to it,
but what's the point?
Because the person you're responding to is
not going to accept the truth and it
has no value.
So we just need to get out and
the getting is good.
And so we're going to continue to use
the sites like YouTube,
Rumble and others where we can present
long form videos and also shorts.
And our shorts are going to be for
those sites to
use as promos and to attract an audience.
That's the purpose of the shorts is to
longs never go viral.
But a short can is we use the
shorts to go viral on those kinds of
accounts.
And we use the the longs to educate
on those accounts.
And then we can bring for the family
all of that experience to the website.
So that's the plan going forward,
and I'm certain that it's the right one,
and I'm very comfortable with it.
In fact,
I don't think I've ever been more relaxed
in the whole situation that I'm in because
it's just a perfect scenario for us at
the absolute right time.
Kevin,
you were going to say something earlier,
and you surrendered the floor to Kirk.
Sorry.
No.
Oh, we were way past that.
But Netanyahu is not going to step down.
He's in the same position Trump is.
If he's not the prime minister of Israel,
he goes to jail.
So there's no way that, yeah,
that he's stepping down.
He's also...
ready to bomb Kar Yunus, I think, Beirut.
He wants to destroy it like they did
Kar Yunus in Gaza.
You know,
he has openly said that that's what
they're going to do,
which is how do you double down on
that insanity?
Absolute, yeah.
By being possessed.
Absolute insanity.
Yeah,
they're bombing Beirut and while bombing
and bombing Iran.
And because Iran doesn't have
air defenses,
it's no really different than bombing Gaza
into oblivion.
Everybody is coming to hate Israel.
And Israel said, oh boy,
we're protecting the world from these
terrorists.
There's no such thing as a terrorist.
A terrorist is a tactic.
You're either fighting the source,
the cause of that tactic,
or you're fighting a symptom.
You don't cure malaria by taking down the
fever.
That's a symptom.
You can't throw water on it,
cold water and thinking, well,
I'm going to take down the fever.
That'll sure cure the malaria.
That's what it is to say I'm against
terrorists.
It's a tactic.
It's not an entity.
So it is a very sad situation they're
in.
I think I also stepped on you one
time, Will,
when you were going to make a point.
Did you recall what it was or did
I talk too long?
Well, going back a little bit,
just with China and Russia,
I think what the plan with that is
they are just, you know,
I don't know what the axiom is and
where it's from, but, you know,
never get in the way when your enemy
is destroying himself.
And so they are content to sit back
and watch everything.
Donald and Bibi mismanaged all this.
And they will mismanage it.
There's just no question about it.
And so there's probably nothing left in
Iran that they really want to save.
And so they'll wait.
I think it's like what China and Russia
did with Venezuela.
There was no reason to intervene.
The United States accomplished nothing.
We kidnapped a head of state.
We played pirate on some tankers.
We don't control Venezuela.
We don't occupy Venezuela.
And we're getting nothing from Venezuela.
And they said,
go ahead and let the United States destroy
its reputation in the world.
All they're doing is proving that they
can't be trusted.
And in fact,
the Supreme Court just told Trump he has
to repay the tariff that he's collected.
Man.
And then you had all the Republican
senators actually vote in favor of this
war.
They own it now.
Yeah.
Especially your ex-friend there,
Lindsey Graham.
He's not my ex-friend.
My friend was his partner who I knew
before he did the stupidity in Ukraine.
I knew John McCain quite well.
We were good friends.
Doesn't mean I support what John McCain did in Ukraine.
I think that was hideous and millions of
lives have been lost.
Lindsey Graham,
I've always thought is a skunk.
I think that he is the devil's advocate.
Gotcha.
Thank you for correcting me.
I will say that the website now,
what Joe has done is beyond amazing and
that this is a legacy and a conduit
to life, eternal life.
For those who are willing to take the
narrow path,
do the work and open their eyes,
it's there.
And that's what this is all about.
Yeah, I think so too.
JB, you are making a comment?
I just said the Republicans have never met
a war they didn't like.
You know, I want to correct you, too,
just as I did, JB and Dr. Jeff.
And it's and Dr. Jeff,
your point was correct that Lindsey Graham
is a snake.
And that was your point.
He's just not my friend.
He's just he's just a snake.
The interesting thing is if you study
American history,
it has typically been Democrats that get
us into wars and Republicans that get the
U.S.
out of wars.
Trump has certainly flipped that
considerably,
where now he is engaging the world in
war.
And there is no way out of this
one.
He's trying to sue for a ceasefire while
he's saying,
I'm demanding unconditional surrender.
Now, he's egomaniacal enough, JB,
that he could create his scenario by
himself saying that he's surrendering on
behalf of Iran.
He would think so,
and that he is appointing the new leader
of Iran and at the same time declare
that he has solved
yet another war this will be the ninth
war that he has solved uh well while
he he surrenders on behalf of them but
I think he's that first you don't succeed
just redefine success
Yeah, it is.
It's an exceedingly sad overall situation.
But yeah,
the history has actually been that the two
things that you would think would be
different, but they are true,
that it's typically Democrats that get
America into war and it's Republicans that
get America out of war.
Now, that's not consistent.
George W.
Bush and both George Bush I and II
turned out to be warmongers,
and the wars they fought were
were exceedingly counterproductive and
made things much worse.
Bad situations turned much worse.
And Trump has been the same way.
So recently it has definitely changed.
And I don't think there is a Republican
Party anymore.
I think even to use the term Republican
is misguided.
There are MAGAs and there are people who
once thought themselves to be conservative
that have no say and they have no
party.
And the only reason the MAGA survives is
that the Democrats have gone so
socialistic,
so Marxist and so out of touch with
the world, much less America,
that they aren't a challenge to the idiocy
of MAGA.
And we're in quite a,
the United States is in quite a fix.
And the biggest issue right now is that
I think that the war that we're fighting,
that the United States is fighting with
Iran,
is going to have devastating impact on the
petro dollar economy.
and on the US economy.
Without the petro dollar,
the United States can't fund its debt.
It's thirty-eight trillion in debt
nationally,
and there are no takers for the bonds.
And the only way that we create the
illusion of solvency is that the
quantitative easing,
which is to create the illusion of money
simply to inflate the money supply,
that gets lost when people need to own
dollars.
They suck up those imaginary printed
money.
for trade.
But the United States position as a
reserve currency is dwindling very
rapidly.
And now it hinges strictly on the
petro dollar.
And Saudi Arabia already made a deal to
sell oil to its largest customer, China,
in Yuan and is an unofficial member of
BRICS.
And this war will push Saudi Arabia over
the edge.
So it was devastating economically to
America.
All of these nations.
Look at Kuwait.
They shut down three American F-Fifteens.
Shut down three American F-Fifteens?
Oh, it was an accident.
Okay, yeah, sure.
By the way,
with American Patriot missiles.
Oh, my God.
Not so friendly fire.
Yeah, you can't make this stuff up.
Yeah.
Pretty sad.
All right.
What I'd like to do is and I
think when we're doing this,
unfortunately,
your handsome faces are going to be
covered up for a moment.
You can still chime in and I want
you to chime in.
So please talk over me as even I'm
doing the narrative.
But we're going to go take a look
at the website.
I want to walk people through our future
home.
And so.
Rich if you wouldn't mind uh let's take
us to the uh the website uh there
is a a little Craig is better than
a big Craig so that's uh that's already
oh well we got a a massive though
uh Kevin image uh here we go we'll
get this uh here in a minute you
don't have the media up you need the
media show page okay sorry I just don't
see it in the back disappeared
Okay,
we'll see if we can get this going
here in just a moment.
All right.
This is, as of today, the YadaYah website.
And as you can see,
we have new categories here.
We're going to add a number of categories
additional to this.
But let me just talk about and we'll
explore some of these things in a moment.
You see there's a blog category that
didn't used to be there.
There's an invite category that didn't
used to be there.
Soon there is going to be a chat
category,
a chat link that's going to replicate the
experience on X and on Facebook without
the cesspool.
We'll be able to communicate with one
another through it.
We're going to add an Ask Yada,
which is an AI search.
I think it's going to be coordinated
through Claude.
Rich and Joe are working on that.
They will have an AI capability within the
site.
There's a series of other things that are
being added here,
but a lot of new functionality coming.
So let's just kind of walk through some
of these.
Let's click on books if you could,
Maestro.
All right, so on the books,
you can just thumb down and we'll come
back up to the top.
You can see that every book here,
all thirty-five of them are presented.
And on each book,
you'll see that there's a little book.
And if you just mouse over the book
itself, it expands.
It's a three-dimensional version of the
book.
It expands.
If you clicked on that,
you would actually go to the Page Turner
book.
You can click on one.
We'll just show you how that works.
You go to the Page Turner book.
Once you go over to the Page Turner on
the far right,
Over my image, yeah,
click that a few times.
Yeah, there you go.
Click one more time.
There you go.
So there you are starting the book.
And over here,
if you wanted to go to a particular
chapter, you could.
And down below,
we're going to do a program with Joe
here and within the next month where he's
going to explain every one of those
features at the bottom.
But typically on these kinds of things,
you can't copy and paste material.
We've made that possible.
We've made it possible for you to have
a bookmark.
We've made it possible for you to go
to to a print function.
a search function.
So many other options are available to
you.
And you can change the text size.
So many things you can do.
And we will expand that capability.
Let's go back to the Menorah on that
side there.
Menorah, okay, that'll take you back.
So this is the site.
You can also click on one of the
Amazon links there.
takes you right to that series on Amazon.
You can purchase the book if you wanna
buy it on Amazon.
So you can read it free with the
page turner in its entirety.
Let's go back again,
but this takes you directly to Amazon.
And then that bottom link,
that's the sign of a PDF.
You click on the PDF and it brings
you to a PDF of the book,
which is the old way that they were
all presented.
And so in this,
you can just go through the entire book
on your phone or on a computer or
wherever you want to go,
and you're reading the book as a PDF.
So all three ways to read through the
books.
Let's go back to the homepage.
All right,
let's go to the top of the book
section again.
Now you see this search within the books.
Let's put in something.
How about Taruwah?
Put in Taruwah.
W. W.
Too many A's?
It's T-A-R-U-W-A-H.
T-A-R-U-W-A-H.
Taruwah.
That's the Mow'ed Miqra'ey.
Look what happens.
Now, let's not, rather than in all books,
put series Yada Yahowah.
Over there, where it says series.
I'm working at two different.
Pardon?
It's me.
So right above there, there you go, yada,
yada, and now search.
So this is all the references to Taruwah.
There's six hundred and eighty of them
just in the yada, yada series.
There's twenty eight pages.
Just go down the page so people have
a chance to see.
And you can click on the volume there
or on the particular page.
It'll take you to that volume or to
that page.
If you were to do that,
we won't do that at this point.
We'll do it when we're with Joe navigating
this.
This is all six hundred and eighty
references to Taruwah.
And if you spelled it with the the
apostrophe or without it,
it has already been trained to take the
word and any variation of it and and
do the analysis for you.
So you don't even have to worry about
spelling the word correctly.
But you've got to get somewhat close.
But anyway,
that's we'll go back to the top.
All right.
So that's the new feature on search.
That feature was put in today.
And you can search by individual volume,
by all volumes, by series.
And what they have, they're all words,
precise phrase, all that sort of thing.
That's so that
if you were to put two or three
words there together, uh, like you wanted,
um, uh, the fifth dimension,
which you see right down there,
you could have it find every reference
where, uh, fifth was there,
dimension was there,
or just those three words together.
The fifth dimension was there and it would
do it any one of those ways.
Don't,
we're not going to search it right now.
I'm just saying that's,
that's why there's this, all words there,
um, are, um,
our exact phrase, it will search,
it will define the search based upon what
you choose.
Let's go to blog.
Blog, there you go.
This is a brand new,
let's just click one.
Okay, I didn't like that.
I don't know what the reason was,
but look, there we go.
Okay, click it again.
Okay,
jump ahead a little bit on the bar.
Well,
that was an important part of that show.
There was talking about Wookie and Qara
barking.
A life lesson there in the midst of
the show.
I don't think we have audio.
I can't.
OK, OK, I can hear it,
but not everybody can click on the X
and we'll go out of it.
All right, so this is the blog,
what's going to happen here,
that's going to be slightly different
going forward.
You can go down to the bottom of
the bottom of the page.
What would be different is either sixty
six pages there of this many blogs per
page.
That's a lot of blogs to be over
a thousand of them.
is we're going to do a better job
of organizing them in series at this point
we we don't really have any one of
our forums uh where they're well organized
by uh series I went to all
the channels earlier today and so we're
gonna and I think the reason for that
is we've written titles that are uh that
are more likely to attract attention than
the very
pedantic.
This is this date and it's series such
and such episode number.
And so by doing that,
we made it more difficult to organize
everything,
but more appropriate for viewership.
And so we're going to have a hashtag
system that also presents them by episode
and episode number and a series and
episode number.
And they will all present so that
Every series of Messiah and Son will
present an order.
Every final word picture,
every in the garden,
every Dowd is the one.
They will all be categorized by the series
and the episode number.
And that is what we're going to work
on.
So it'll be a little bit of work
to get that all done.
All right, now go back to the top.
All right, click on blog.
All right, go on down a little bit.
All right, go back up.
Okay,
click on the picture of the Donald right
there.
Now, if you bring anything up,
see what you see is to the right.
This is a blog by Donald.
And I said, you know,
who made Trump God?
Does Trump believe that he is dictator of
the world?
Does the Donald have a Der Fuhrer complex?
He said that he is going to appoint
the new leader of Iran.
and that only he can appoint the new
leader of Iran.
That's pretty weird for a guy with comb
over hair and orange makeup, isn't it?
But nonetheless, that's what he said.
So look at that.
Now go click the next arrow.
And here is a post where the,
I think it was the Wall Street Journal
did any, yes,
the Wall Street Journal said that there is
a remarkable skepticism in the media about
the Iran war,
suggesting that the media and journalists
think that the US is losing it.
And so I ended up, no kidding, Sherlock.
And so it's a beautiful presentation where
we have, I think,
a better presentation of the image and a
better,
clearer presentation of the commentary so
that we can keep our community up to
speed with what's happening around the
world.
Click another one if you wouldn't mind.
Here is the ongoing destruction.
Of course,
Trump says that Iran wants to make a
deal to end the war.
But the UN,
when he says that Iran wants to make
a deal to end the war, no,
they don't.
And there is no one in Iran saying
we want to make a deal.
So what Trump is saying is we need
to make a deal because we can't continue
to fight this war and we can't win
this war.
So we need to make a deal,
but there's no one to negotiate with.
So now what are we going to do?
Click the next one.
You know,
just each of this one is Iran is
saying that if the US deploys the Kurds,
then they're going to send ballistic
missiles and kill a bunch of Kurds.
And if you have followed this,
what you would recognize is that the
United States use the Kurds.
in Iraq to destabilize Saddam Hussein and
to fight a war on behalf of the
United States as a proxy.
And then when Saddam Hussein was gone and
the Kurds had successfully executed their
role,
the United States said there will be no
independent state for the Kurds.
In other words, we betrayed them.
And then we used them,
the Kurds again in Syria,
to attack the Sunni militias like ISIS and
the Assad positions and promising them
that they would have a Kurdistan if they
prevailed carved out of Syria this time.
They did it.
The United States betrayed them again and
said, no,
we're going to weaponize and partner with
the Islamic State government of Syria.
And now the United States is trying to
play them a third time to have them
go in and attack Iran as foot soldiers,
since we're not going to send foot
soldiers and we're going to have a proxy
to it.
And if the Kurds are stupid enough to
fall for that, then that's their fault.
But how can you be that dumb that
you would allow the United States to pull
the carpet underneath you a third time?
So this is the kind of things that
exist at the blog.
And so I think it's really a nice
presentation of the news.
You can click one more,
and then we'll be done with that and
move on to something else.
Oh, here.
Here are these pictures of the Twistians
laying hands on and praying for the Donald
as if he were their new Messiah.
And so here they're blessing Rahab.
Rahab is Satan in the flesh.
He is the great betrayer.
So Christians are easy to fool.
So anyway,
that's the kind of thing that's here.
Well,
you might have to go back to another
tab because I go ahead and click that
and see what happens.
There you go.
OK, so you came right back to it.
Let's just go down a little bit and
and see.
Go down a little further,
but you can continue to that next button.
Is there really the way to go through
the news?
Keep on going down all the way through
here.
Keep on going down.
Just keep on going down.
Oh,
the Wookie is saying that he wants to
spend more time translating and
contemplating and sharing and less time
being annoyed by Facebook and X.
So he's inviting you to do the same.
And there are page after page after page
of these things.
So let's go back up to the top.
Pretty cool, though.
They have a news blog.
In fact,
when we do the vlog on the blog,
we're going to do it from that format.
Click on media, please.
Now, everyone that's listening here,
whether you're listening to an archive,
no matter where you're listening,
if you are managing an account for us
and you're posting material on that
account, for example,
you look at Facebook there.
I know that there are at least two
more Facebook pages under us beyond the
Craig Winn nine eighty six page.
And the Craig Winn page,
I'm not posting anymore.
I use the YadaYah Facebook page to feed
our website.
And then there's the group account of
YadaYahowah.
But all three should be listed up here.
We have at least six YouTube channels,
not three YouTube channels.
I know that Charles, for example,
has two YouTube channels,
a new one that's just for Littles where
he's creating animated pieces and the last
one is absolutely magnificent that he did
on Yahowah's name.
But his YouTube channels should be part of
this and any other that we have.
I know we have two Rumble channels,
for example.
So if you're managing a channel and we
don't have it listed here,
I need you to send a message or
an email to Kevin or to Rich and
say,
I hear the details and here's where it
is and we'll add it to this list.
Okay, we're not trying to ignore anybody.
I've asked for this.
We need your input to fill that out.
All right, let's go to music.
All right, just for fun,
let's go down to the bottom.
I want you to play Sukah.
Sukah is the one where,
and if you don't have any audio,
I know we do,
but you should also check.
Well, yeah, see, it's not playing, is it?
So, oh, there it is.
If we don't have audio,
we'll cut it short.
Just let us know.
And I'll tell you real quick.
So I'm definitely hearing the instrumental
introduction to this.
I hope everybody else is able to.
No, there's no audio.
Silent.
It's not going out on the feed.
Okay,
so it's not going out on the feed.
We'll stop that then.
And we will do this again at a
time when it is going out on the
feed.
I don't know what the issue is,
why it did not do that.
All right,
so we go back up to the website
as a general.
There's now the invite go all the way
to the top, please.
I want to figure out why the feed
is not picking that up.
Click invite.
OK,
we won't play these now since we're having
audio issues,
but what we have here and there's actually
five times more of these.
And so when I don't want you to
know, stop it, please.
We already figured out we don't have any
audio.
So we'll go back and we will play
these at another time when we have our
program set up better.
okay so there is an invite it's got
all the invites it's also going to have
all of the do you Yada will
also be there and I I've seen a
version of it previous that had them up
please don't click on it please don't
click on it okay now go to translations
we're going to go there anyway it was
earlier today they had all of the do
you Yada and probably twenty of the
animations uh that are invitations to
various parts of the of the site
All right, this is the translation index.
It just defaults to chapter one of Bareʿsyth
Genesis.
You can just go down there and you
can see how it is done.
You can also see now that it has
the superscripts of the Aleph and the Ayin,
see the eth eth there and the reʿshyth
and
Elohim and Bara.
Those are all superscripts.
They tell you if that letter sound is
coming from an ayin or an aleph.
So this is our new format.
I think it's something that no one else
has done before.
But now you have that capability.
And in this, if you were to,
and we won't do it at this time,
but if you were to link on that
blue hyperlink above there,
it would take you to the Page Turner book.
Don't do it, please.
And it would show you exactly where that
translation came from.
Go on up a little bit.
And it would take you to that particular
page in the Page Turner book.
And you can see all the commentary on
it.
And click on the down arrow where it
has Bare'syth on book.
And so every book that we have,
I didn't open.
I can see your mouse way below it.
You can't get the cursor up to
Bare'syth Genesis.
Click on the down arrow, please.
There you go.
all right he's not able to control the
uh the mouse uh and bring it down
he has every book that we have translated
uh the chapter every chapter we've
translated all verses we've translated
it's all uh all there I see it
but it's not showing up on the broadcast
okay oh you can see it but it's
not okay that's really weird okay uh click
on glossary uh just for fun and we
uh and pick click any letter and then
go on down please look at that go
on down please
All right.
So these are all the words.
It starts with a beyth.
It shows the Paleo Hebrew,
shows the modern Hebrew,
shows the Strong's number,
shows the part of grammar that the word
is.
And they have Kirk's definition.
And you can see in the background,
very light.
Those are Kirk's illustrations to show the
concept of those letters like that tent,
which is symbolism of a home.
And so he is.
has done uh graphics that help explain the
letter and Joe has integrated them into
the background and and I guess there's
some letters that don't have as many
graphics and uh kirk's gonna draw more and
we'll have more graphics uh depicting the
nature of these uh letters uh all right
so that's uh that's that we'll go back
to the top please and it's every uh
every letter is organized that way dead
sea scrolls please all right the dead sea
scrolls
It's already not showing the way that it
normally is.
There it is.
Okay.
All right.
So click on all where it says chapter.
See if you can bring it up.
Okay.
You can't.
All right.
So we'll have to figure out why we
can get StreamYard.
We'll do a recorded session in StreamYard.
But what I wanted to say here is,
okay, that did bring up all.
Let's see what's down there.
All right.
So now I want you to click missing
and differs, those boxes.
OK, and differs.
So what it's doing now is this is
the way that I use the Dead Sea
Scrolls.
What I want to know is what words
are different,
missing or added to the the oldest
witness,
the Dead Sea Scrolls versus the Masoretic
text.
And what this does is it says that
those like and blasted, that is different.
And then the strike through there on
4QGen on forty one sixteen,
where the Masoretic text reads,
it isn't in me.
And and then the the Dead Sea Scrolls
reads without me.
So it tells you exactly what those things
are.
Now,
it'd be a lot for this thing to
work.
But if you had a mouse over the
green and the light green and the olive,
there you go.
So because most of the of those using
the site don't read Hebrew,
if you what's to the right there,
that's a transcription of the Dead Sea
Scrolls.
The that olive color is what's in the
Dead Sea Scrolls and the green color is
what is being supplied from the Masoretic
text because it wasn't in the Dead Sea
Scrolls.
So if there's a difference.
you can actually mouse over this text,
and it will bring you to the Hebrew
word.
And if you go up to that text
bar itself and you click on it,
it will expand the difference.
And it might not work just on what
we're doing.
There you go.
See how that works.
So it is an amazing study tool.
And the Dead Sea Scrolls has never been
presented at anywhere close to this level
of clarity and capability.
It's a major wow.
Yes.
Yeah.
All right.
So this is the Dead Sea Scrolls,
and it is interactive in that way.
You can see that you can search it
just for missing and differs.
You can do everything.
You can search just for match, partials,
spelling differences.
And oh, by the way,
the copy on the right side,
if you click the Yada Yahowah Towrah right
there.
What that will do, there it goes.
That's the original script.
How about that?
That's cool.
Isn't that cool?
So the dark green is reconstructed and the
olive green,
that was preserved in the scroll where we
know that the word is from the scroll.
So that is the best presentation of the
Dead Sea Scrolls ever.
To be able to put that together and
to have all of those features that no
one has ever had before,
That is,
I could have written these these thirty
five books and a third of the time
that I had this tool.
By the way,
today I was tracking down something.
I came to an insight today.
I said,
I'm just certain this is the case.
It just is real to me.
And I was the fingers on my hand.
And I said,
I just know it's true and I know
where I have to go to verify it.
And I know what it's going to say.
And first thing I did is I went
here to those two passages where I knew
it would be.
And I said, all right,
is there any difference between the Dead
Sea Scrolls and the Masoretic here?
Certainly there was.
And then the next thing is,
what is the what is that difference?
I could go over to the right.
And then I said, all right,
I know I've translated these passages
before.
I went in and used the the translation
index and brought them all up.
And voila,
we were off to the races and.
And indeed,
what I had perceived to be true is
true.
I think I'd blow everybody's mind if I
started on that now.
So I'm just going to leave that out
as a teaser.
I only had this three years ago.
I would be so far ahead.
Yeah.
Yes.
Oh, what?
I can imagine having access to this.
You know,
when I was writing Prophet of Doom,
I mean,
when I was writing the Yada Yahowah series,
what I would do is I had this
this paperback.
You can go back and get rid of
the website now.
We've.
We've done it enough.
Everybody knows,
I think they've seen the timeline before.
And we're going to do, by the way,
a whole tutorial sometime over the next
month with Joe driving and with Joe
commenting since he created this.
And we'll have some of the new features
into it as well.
You know,
everybody knows that I have a good
relationship with Joe.
We've been we've been best friends for
thirty years.
There's not a lot of men that can
say they have a thirty year best friend,
but I do.
And Joe is the man whose character I
have always found to be flawless.
And he he has all the skills,
you know, his attitude and aptitude.
Joe's long on on both.
He has amazing talent and he's one of
those people that there are people in life
that if you give a dime to,
they're going to return a dollar.
Joe is one of those kind of people.
You always happen to be one of those
kind of individuals.
You give him a dime's worth of effort,
he returns a dollar to you.
Joe is one of those kind of people.
And so it just is my pleasure.
Every time you hear me, I'm sure,
speak of the kind of things that Joe
does.
I glow.
I just think he is the neatest guy
going.
It's interesting now that my wife talks to
Joe probably two to three hours a day.
It's more time than husbands and wives
normally spend talking together.
But it's because of two things.
One is she's taken a real interest in
Joe's life and has made huge
contributions.
But also because all of this design,
they did this together.
This is long conversations,
all the imagery, the layout,
the look and feel of that site.
they did it together and they have also
created an admin tool that like that
banner that was swirling at the top which
the curtain he has an admin tool that
uh those who like to create that kind
of thing you can create twenty different
looks and every time you click on a
new page it will be a different look
at the top everything also stay the same
the banner will change and they can show
you how to load them uh so on
the glossary you don't like something he
has an admin tool that you can go
in and
Correct it.
Not that anybody in our group would make
a mistake.
We're laughing at mistakes because that is
the thing that God is looking for.
He wants most of all for us to
make mistakes because it's only when we
make mistakes that we demonstrate that we
have the capacity to learn and grow beyond
them.
This is the key thing that he wants
us to do and part of who we've
become.
Leah is standing up right here.
We have what?
But is it loaded?
I think it's loaded.
Well, if it is,
then we'll go ahead and play a song
that is loaded.
I received a letter, by the way,
from Mary, who, Kirk,
I don't know if you know it,
but Mary was one of three people who
invested hundreds and hundreds of hours
taking your analog version,
handwritten version of your glossary,
I know very well.
And turning it into something that we
could actually show online.
So that was a labor of love.
And so I credited Mary because I knew
how much time she had spent in it.
But Mary wrote me a letter.
She says, I heard your show on that.
And that's unfair because Mariah also
invested in an enormous amount of time.
And the guy up there with the gray
beard and they had at the top,
he said that she said that Kevin also
invested in enormous amount of time.
uh and I know Rich also tried to
uh to uh store it so that we
would have use for it when uh and
again could go back to it when it
was ready to go but it was a
group effort and I thanked Mary for
sharing credit thank you and that's what
she uh she said it was a shared
um uh project correct
So she wanted everybody to.
A lot of people,
a lot of people working on that
throughout.
It was my first project, actually.
That's what the first thing I did.
You were right there at the beginning of
it.
Yeah.
And I think that Patty even worked on
it for a while there, James.
So she was also one of them.
It was a it was a group project,
too.
I don't think our buddy Kirk understands
that in the online world,
we can't use analog.
No.
I could have done these books on a
typewriter,
but they wouldn't have done us any good.
I could have handwritten them too,
but that wouldn't have done us any good
either.
At least Kirk's handwriting is legible.
Well, there you go.
You would not want to have had to
try and do that from my handwriting.
Thank you, JB
Yeah, that was,
and it reinforced the meaning of all those
words because you don't really own
something until you've engaged in doing
it.
So it was secretly an educational process
for Mary, Kevan, and for Mariah.
You know,
may I just quickly say that what you
just showed us on the translation thing,
I was sitting here thinking,
I am so glad I didn't die.
This is great.
I'm happy now.
Wow, what a tool.
I knew what we were headed towards.
I just didn't know it was going to
be that good.
And I fought Joe on a few of
these things.
I never wanted an all.
I like the ability to go to...
Yasha'yah,
Isaiah and pick a chapter and then verse
and just have that verse come up.
And I could then choose which of the
books that I wanted that verse to come
up.
And Joe says, trust me on this.
I've got a better way to do this.
And I said, no,
but that's the way I use it.
I don't want it to be different.
And he says, OK, I'll tell you what.
I've done a lot of things with you
in the past.
I'm going to beg to differ.
I think I've got a better way to
do it.
And when you're done,
if you don't like it,
we'll do it your way.
But I'm going to finish it my way.
And what he did is the ability to
now,
let's just take the twenty second Mizmowr,
because that's where I found one of my
answers today.
I don't have to do twenty second Mizmowr
verse something or other and then choose
the book that I want the translation from.
because I've probably translated it five
times or the eighty ninth.
I've translated it, you know,
eight or nine times.
I don't know where I want it.
And I don't you know,
it doesn't come up on a little bitty
rectangle.
And and that's it.
So what he did is you can you
can isolate one if you want.
But he did something he says much better.
So you do
Mizmowr,
twenty two and you select all it gives
you all of it.
Every translation of verse one,
every translation of verse two,
they're all there one after another.
And if you want to see the commentary
that supports it,
you click the link and it takes you
right to that page.
It is so vastly superior to what we
had before that I got to call Joe
and I said, OK, you won that one.
Good job.
I am not only conceding unconditional
surrender, but delighted to do so.
Yeah, there we go.
Unconditional surrender.
And thrilled to do so.
What you created is vastly superior.
I wouldn't even contemplate using my way
because your way is so much better.
It's a great tool.
And the whole site is just absolutely
marvelous.
And soon we're gonna have that
interaction.
uh chat we're we're trying to decide do
we write it from scratch or do we
use uh Friendica uh which is has
all the features and more of um of
Facebook and um do we do that or
do we do our own and the really
the issue is that you you do have
to right now on the website we don't
keep track of anybody you can come and
you're anonymous uh to be able to chat
we can't do that we have to have
an identity uh and we you know people
that are belligerent we have to be able
to block and
And the like.
So we'll have to deal with that.
And then we have to have some restriction
on the ask Yada because we're going to
have an embedded Claude AI system.
They don't run free.
And so there's a charge each time that
is used, but it's nominal.
And so long as it's family,
I don't care how often it's used,
but I don't want a bot to go
in there and click it a thousand times.
There are people that have had forty seven
thousand dollar bills because a bot went
crazy.
Yeah.
And so we have to restrict searches to
no more than one per day per customer
unless you have signed in and you are
a contributor to the chat where we know
who you are,
then you can question all you want.
uh so that's the uh that's the process
we're uh developing uh but uh so far
we've we've actually run queries through
it uh you know it asked uh so
Yada what's your favorite song now it got
it wrong but it wrote a beautiful
explanation uh I mean the explanation was
really really well written
I liked it a lot.
Maybe I need to change.
Yeah,
I picked the nineteenth and it said this
is a favorite and explained why it's my
favorite.
I said, well, you know,
it's not my favorite.
It's probably not even my, you know,
my top twenty favorites.
But in the beginning, you know,
I twist my arm.
That was a pretty well-written response.
And so I thought it was really good.
That was the first effort at it.
So we'll see how it all plays out.
But as we're going now,
there is no reason for us to be
anyplace else other than these places
where we can stream these programs and
organize these programs and people can
watch them on their TVs and phones so
that they're accustomed that like YouTube
is spectacular for that sort of thing.
And then we'll begin some more critical
reviews that people need to hear,
like more on Islam,
but we'll put them all on Rumble.
And we'll have our video feed from Rumble
unless we get one of our other sites
up where we're a little more rock solid
on our organization.
And then we'll do that.
And by the way, on YouTube,
the lead dog in the YouTube hunt right
now has gone from...
fifteen hundred and under a really hostile
opposition in terms of what was being
posted there a little over a year ago
to four thousand subscribers over the
course of a year.
That's pretty darn impressive.
The I think that's a silver channel.
And then there is a red channel.
that I don't know who was managing the
red channel,
but it had when I was managing it
for a while and I got it all
the way up to like, you know,
twelve subscribers.
And now I looked and it's it's two
thousand, you know,
six months after I stopped managing,
it went from twelve to six thousand.
So somebody is really good at it.
I don't know who they who they are.
The the channel that it's kind of
interesting and it proves that, you know,
the numbers don't
The importance of subscribers is far less
important than what those subscribers do.
But on Blue,
which is the one you're managing,
and maybe you're managing many of them,
Kevin, but on Blue,
we have the most engagement.
There'll be, you know,
ninety percent of the chat on this program
will be on Blue.
It has the longest hours of viewing,
the most views,
and the most interaction on those views,
which are the algorithms that actually
drive a site like this.
But it's gone from...
twenty some odd subscribers to almost six
hundred over the period of time that
you've managed it.
But you're managing in a way that you're
not trying to maximize subscribers.
You're trying to maximize the things that
matter,
what people are watching and how they're
relating to it and interacting with it.
And so it's really an interesting
situation.
And of course,
we would probably have ten thousand
subscribers if we just had one YouTube
channel,
because the algorithms would be so much
better, maybe even twenty thousand.
But
I chose not to do that.
And I don't know if I'm right or
wrong,
but the reason I chose not to do
it is that YouTube had been too fickle
and thrown people off for any manner of
things.
And they have the world's worst customer
service.
There's nothing you can do to communicate
with them.
It's kind of like Facebook.
There's nothing you can do even when they
make the mistake.
And so I felt that it would be
better to have a lesser number of
subscribers and have a more secure
environment where there were many people
that were managing those accounts so that
one account goes down,
the other five remain.
One landmine,
one landmine with one account and it's put
in a quarter and start from scratch.
So, I mean, absolutely.
We're not in that position because we have
at least six YouTube accounts and they're
under different management.
So that was the thought process.
I'm comfortable with the decision I made
because again,
we're not looking for quantity,
we're looking for quality.
That's what the whole thing is about and
it's working beautifully.
Now I'm told- I gotta tell you,
Craig and everybody else,
Team Yada is absolutely awesome.
And with a special shout out to Joe
and what you were saying before,
and a lot of what has happened recently,
is a term that you've just elaborated on
recently, tamym.
It's not perfection, but it's not perfect,
but to finish it up, to complete it,
and to just get it done.
And that's just, this is just an amazing,
amazing thing.
And that's just an amazing revelation.
It's one of the most amazing revelations
that we've had.
We've had so many beautiful ones,
but when we figured out that Yahowah was
not looking for perfection, in fact,
he's not perfect,
doesn't want us to be perfect,
and perfection would mean that there'd be
no purpose to our existence and nothing
for Yahowah that would be of any value.
Perfection is a religious concept and it
makes no sense at all.
And we didn't know that until we realized
what Yahowah was trying to do with Dowd.
Excuse me, with Adam,
the cat out of the bag there.
Adam is Dowd, by the way.
That's why he's the firstborn son of
Yahowah.
But with Adam, Dowd, and by the way,
Adam's not a name.
It is a description.
It just means the man.
And the man happened to be Dowd.
It's Dowd's first of many lives.
And the one we think of where he
was king was not his first life, actually.
But
The what God was looking for is I
want you to be observant.
I want you to be thoughtful.
I want you to be responsive.
I want you to be reliable.
And those are the things that God wants
from us.
And Tamym is the perfect example of that,
because if you finish the job, you are,
by definition, reliable.
I thought it was one of the most
profound insights.
And therefore,
you're not looking for a perfect Passover
lamb.
You're not looking for a perfect red cow
in the Adamah Parah.
God would have no use for one.
There aren't any.
And the whole concept is
counterproductive.
What he's looking for is, well,
can somebody complete the job?
Are you willing to...
to get her done.
Cause it's a lot that needs to be
done.
Can I count on you to see it
through?
And yeah,
I found some people along life's way that
he was able to do that with.
And now he's put together a team,
a team.
Yah.
Where everybody in the team is tamym.
We're all committed to seeing it through
and very comfortable in our roles,
seeing it through.
tamym.
And then that leads to the other term
that is wonderful.
It's yaqar respected and valued.
yes exactly uh Kevin I’m told that Leah
said there's a new song that has been
loaded do we actually have one that we
can play that we'll hear the audio and
then we'll go from there into a little
bit of uh back into to psalm
Okay, absolutely.
We will play Sukah.
Yeah, I'm going to do it now.
Sukah.
Oh, yeah,
that's the one I wanted to play anyway.
Right.
Yeah,
because the nice thing about Sukah was that
was one of the places where I had
some constructive criticism.
And I said, you know,
there's some things here that the
symbolism isn't in keeping with the
instruction from Yahowah.
And I would really like it if you
could improve that.
And I gave some four or five suggestions.
You know, I'm saying, you know,
it's really nice.
I love the song.
The lyrics are great.
And I appreciate the work everybody has
done.
But I also know who we're representing
here and where we're not.
No perfect here,
but we can be better on this one.
And here's my my thoughts.
And it's been redone.
And it's beautiful.
So I'd love to.
Let's see it.
Let's hear it.
The moon shines on Yahowah's wise good name
Covenant renewed ever the same Dowd's steps
echo through time
The king returns, the family unwinds.
He leaps with joy,
the Adamah Parah a calf set free.
A promise kept, love for you and me.
The remnant dance, their hearts aglow.
Singing in the joy they now know.
Let the rhythm flow.
Let your spirit soar.
This is Sukah.
Come on, let's go.
Stand upright.
Walk by His side.
In Yahowah's love, we all abide.
No bows, no chains,
no lords enforced his love and favor,
our true course. Not a God of ego,
but of delight,
inviting us to dance in his light.
Man of Edom's got skin in the game,
a promise kept for a brighter day.
Elyah calls, the fire refines,
the water cleanses,
and the woman released.
Wickedness falls with the lies of men.
life will flow to let your spirit soar.
This is Sukah.
Come on, let's go.
Stand upright.
Walk by His side.
In Yahowah's love we all abide
Yahowah's Qowl, a voice so clear,
melody of integrity drawing us near.
Let truth stand for a good name,
let it shine in Yahowah's renown.
Through its gates, the nation's dream,
a family restored, Yah's own dream.
We lift our voices, a sound so sweet,
in Sukah's glow.
is our King Dowd
shalowm flows Like a river wide Dowd's throne is lifted on high
From the heralds call into the night
Every voice cries out, Kabowd, Kabowd,
Kabowd.
In the home, splendor is restored.
A king's heart are his own people.
The jewels in his crown, let them shine.
Let the rhythm flow.
Let your spirit soar this is Sukah
come on, let's go. stand upright, walk by His side in Yahowah's love we all abide
Wow.
I think we could all be retired.
Leah writes the lyrics.
She comes up with the musical score.
She trains the voice.
She goes over it hundreds and hundreds and
hundreds of times to improve it.
And the team then puts all the graphics
to it.
She contributes,
but there's a whole team working on the
graphics.
And then I think you make all the
transitions.
Kevin, you are Mr.
Transition to make the whole thing flow
together.
Yeah, I don't know what it's called.
I'm back there with Captain Kirk in the
analog realm.
That's why it was so funny to have
Facebook accuse me three times of
cyber security issues.
I could no more commit cyber security
crime than the man on the moon.
I guess I am the man on the
moon,
so that's probably not a good example.
Nevertheless.
Yes, I wouldn't know what to call it.
But anyway, it's beautiful.
And the lyrics are spectacular.
The images are great.
It's all reinforced.
And I am convinced, as is Yahowah,
as was Dowd,
that if you can convey a message in
a song,
and particularly now with the graphic
capability and the distribution capability
worldwide of a song,
it is so much more powerful than a
talking head.
Delivering words or written words on a
page.
Infinitely more powerful than written
words on a page because they emote.
And I think even with the voice inflection
and ability,
even a person's expression and delivery
and cadence,
the song is a much more effective way
of communicating a message that becomes
memorable.
And we are being invited back to Sukah.
That is our whole message now.
We want you to join us as we
enter Sukah.
You're going to have a thousand years to
get your relationship right with Yahowah
and demonstrate that you can be trusted
with Him and stand up with Him and
walk with Him and learn from Him.
And that is our mission.
And so I'm absolutely delighted with a
song like that.
Everybody should be proud of that
material.
I know Yah is, I am,
we all are.
All right,
we are essentially at our two-hour mark,
but we have a little bit of time
left.
If you all want to stay here a
little bit longer,
we'll cover a little bit of the
Eighty-Ninth Psalm.
When the AI said, this is my favorite,
was the nineteenth,
and gave a really elegant reason for it,
what it didn't know is that I'm selfish
here.
I've got a lot of bad habits,
but this is one of them.
My favorite...
Psalm is the one I wrote.
That's the any ninth.
I am Ethan High's Rocky.
Different life,
but I've had a bunch of them and
that was one of them.
And so I co-authored this song.
And for all the people that hate me
out there and the little mother goddess
cult that will have a conniption fit,
I'm not kidding here.
And I don't really care what you think.
I wrote this Psalm.
I co-authored it with Yahowah.
And I know what the purpose was.
It was to restore Dowd's relationship with
Yahowah.
That was half of the reason for it.
And we delivered it to Dowd.
And it was after the Amah got his
attention, sobered him up.
And Dowd fell in love with his mother.
And that, by the way,
happens to be the...
insight that I deduced today and was able
to prove it.
There's more to the Yahowah's ‘Amah that Dowd
constantly praises than a surrogate
mother.
And the insights there are, in fact,
I know there are more than anybody can
process at the moment.
I've shared it with only three people thus
far.
But it is a very profound insight.
uh, realization.
Uh, so, uh, it, uh, it's this Ms.
Moore was written, uh,
to bring Dowd back to Yahowah and had
it not been done, then the world,
as we know, it would not exist.
It literally that's,
that's how much is at stake here.
This,
this solved the world from spinning off
into the living and everyone dying.
Dowd is the answer.
He's the one who built Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym.
If he doesn't restore his relationship
with Yahowah, those cannot be fulfilled.
Those are not fulfilled.
Yahowah's not returning.
Dowd's not going to be king of anything.
It all ends in nothing.
All over.
And so the relationship had to be resolved
and God couldn't do it on his own.
There's a lot of things God can't do.
And he can't renege on his word.
He made a commitment to his things he
will tolerate and won't tolerate.
And he doesn't do that kind of stuff.
He walked away from Dowd and was only
talking to him through others.
And he was really angry with his son.
That doesn't mean he stopped loving his
son.
It's just that sometimes as a parent,
you have to show tough love.
You can't take the drug addict and put
your arm around them and say,
it'll be okay.
You don't need to change.
We'll coddle you.
That won't work.
Yahowah knew what he was doing,
and he backed away from Dowd.
Dowd had a conniption fit that lashed out
at Yahowah.
Yahowah's ‘Amah intervened.
That's the last word picture.
And then I delivered this to Dowd.
And it brought him back.
Straightened them out.
It worked.
This was a nuclear bomb as it relates
to that.
But that was only half of its purpose.
The other half is to bring Yahuwdym and
Yisrael back to Dowd.
That's the other half.
And that's why we're delivering it now.
That's why we're going back through it
again.
Because we already solved that first
issue.
We brought Dowd back to Yahowah.
We reconciled that relationship that
became...
to use a term that we've been mocking,
became perfect again.
Why?
Because Dowd finished the job.
And he finished the job because of this
Mizmowr.
And now, since that's already done,
we've completed that job.
The second purpose of this was to bring
Yisrael and Yahuwdym back to Dowd and back
to Yahowah.
That is its purpose.
That's why we're sharing it.
That's why we're gonna go back through it.
That's why it was written.
And it does a marvelous job of that.
It positions Dowd as the one.
He is the Messiah.
He is the son of God.
He is the chosen one.
He is the one who established,
literally established the covenant.
There is no covenant without Dowd.
You might say, well, that's not fair.
It was set up with Abraham.
No, it wasn't.
It was narrated with Abraham.
And the test when Abraham went with Yitschaq
up Mount Moriah,
And he says,
don't take the life of your son,
your only son, whom you love.
Yeah,
that meant that that covenant isn't
established until the only beloved son of
Yahowah, his beloved son, whom he loves,
becomes the lamb.
It was Dowd that established the covenant.
And Yahowah says it in like the third
verse of this song,
that he established the covenant through
Dowd.
That means Dowd's our savior.
It's profound in its implications.
And in the last passages,
we read that Yahowah is going to use
the end times Zarowa,
the strong arm who cultivates the harvest
for these upcoming two harvests,
which are Shabuw’ah and Taruwah.
And he's going to take down Rahab.
Christians,
because of their stupid translations and
their New Testament,
are convinced there's an Antichrist.
There's no Antichrist.
There was no Christ.
Dowd is the Messiah.
He's the one who was crucified in thirty
three C.E..
And the simple truth of it is that
God has a term for the misnomer known
as the Antichrist.
If you wanna know what an antichrist,
the antichrist would be Paul who robbed
Dowd,
who was the Messiah of his credentials,
his accolades, his achievements.
So that's your antichrist is Paul.
What God says is the person who's going
to come,
who is the great betrayer of Israel,
who is the great betrayer of the world,
who is Satan incarnate,
that his name is Rahab.
And we read the four passages,
the four prophecies that Rahab is
depicted.
Two in Yasha'yah, two in the Mizmowr.
And he is brought down by another life
of Ethan ha Ezrachy,
which is why he writes of him in
this psalm.
And it tells Dowd, hey man,
I've got your back.
I'm going to resolve all of this animosity
that robs you of what you're ultimately
going to accomplish in fulfilling this
spring Mowʿedym by taking down the adversary
and the religions the adversary has
founded, Christianity, Judaism, and Islam.
And that's what we devoted the last
program to.
Now, the next line, it says,
in your name.
They continually rejoice.
They celebrate these favorable
circumstances.
What's the favorable circumstance?
That on Taruwah, we take down Rahab,
who is Satan incarnate.
And once that's done,
then Yahowah restores the earth to the
conditions of Eden,
and he eliminates all traces of religion,
politics, conspiracy, anti-Antisemitism.
It's all gone, militarism.
And so everybody is left.
is celebrating in your name which means
Yahowah's name they continually rejoice
every day and in your vindication and all
that is right about you they are lifted
on high enriched they're empowered that is
exactly what god's trying to do for all
of us he wants to enrich us he
wants to empower us ruwm
Raise us, take us to a higher elevation,
increase our dimensionality is what he is
offering.
Then it reads, indeed,
you are the empowering nature of their
beautiful adornment and the fortifying
aspect of their majestic splendor.
This isn't just rhetoric for rhetoric
sake.
What did we read in the final word
picture?
There's a woman, Yahowah's Amah.
productive mother who visited Down prior
to the release of this uh miss more
here the and after she told Down to
sober up to start respecting women for
more than their bodies and to realize that
a woman that you can confide in and
that is intelligent is vastly better and
then to recognize who you are do you
know who you are
And then with him lounging around all day
and doing nothing, she says, no,
I'm gonna dress you for success.
I know who you are.
And much of the story revolves around
the fashion coordinator for Sukah,
who is going to do all of our
apparel.
So, you know,
if she doesn't like that hat, uh, sorry,
pal, but, uh, you know,
she's going to lose probably,
she's probably going to do what she did
to me.
Do you see that, uh,
that image they did when I said that
I liked the lovable rogue and they created
an Indiana Jones, hat, and
Magnificent.
Yeah.
So she's, I mean,
I'm going to let her do the fashion
coordinating because she's good at it.
She owned her own high fashion line in
her youth.
So that's the symbolism here.
She's going to dress us.
She is the mother of the covenant.
She is the mother of our savior and
our king, Dowd, not just symbolically.
And she is going to dress us all
for success.
we're going to look beautiful so that's
what that means majestic splendor and
beautiful adornment by your will your
acceptance in favor our brilliant trumpet
and horn which is symbolic of our status
and our king qeren will be raised on
high and lifted up and increased
Qeren, you've seen that word before.
Anybody know where Qeren is found?
Where does it make its debut?
Back on Moriah.
Moriah, that's at the top of the, yeah.
Abraham and Abraham.
Get stuck, yep.
Yep, and what God says is that,
what they report is they saw the Passover
lamb
with its ram's horn,
and the horns of the ram are the
qeren.
They're brilliant.
They're a symbol of power, of authority,
of kingship, of leadership, of strength.
And it was the qeren that identified
that's the Passover lamb.
Well, so when God tells a story,
you better pay attention because he's
going to reuse the term.
In fact, I would say, fellas,
that has been the method of growth here
recently is recognizing the pattern in the
words and how when Yahowah uses a metaphor,
it's infinitely more powerful than just a
word picture.
There's something important that he is
telling you every time he uses it.
And he wants you to relate where Qeren
was used before.
And to where it is now,
like this discovery that I found this
morning.
I found the Rosetta Stone that cemented
prophecy to prophecy.
And you only can do that when you
literally fall in love with the metaphors.
When God says something's going to be a
sign.
And you realize, where did I first see?
Oh, yeah, I know where I saw that.
How does that relate to this time that
it's a miraculous?
Oh, yeah.
You put the pieces together.
And that's what qeren means here.
So if I'm making a big deal of
it,
you think that I'm being religious about
the words.
OK, I'll stand accused.
I love these words.
You wrote a glossary, literally.
If you don't love the words,
you can't do that.
We have Perry sitting quietly in the
corner next to Rich here,
and he is now working to get our
superscripts on all of the books.
And now even when Joe prints the books
for the site,
you're going to see the superscript.
It was on an update earlier today,
and many of these words.
what he said is the thing that I’m
I’m loving about this project is I’m
coming to love the the Hebrew writing
those pictographic letters and coming for
the first time really to have a full
appreciation of how the detail of each
word builds this uh picture this word
picture together and you end up falling in
love with these words celebrating these
words because they do help you uh
see the portrait that God is painting and
you understand how all these pieces and
passages work together,
how this one draws you back to the
proof statement.
So what is the purpose of this?
I'm trying to get Dowd's attention to say,
this is your calling.
This is what your life is set up
to achieve.
You're going to be that lamb.
These are your horns, your crown, pal.
is in those horns.
And where did you last see those horns,
pal?
You read the Towrah.
Where did you see them?
And so when I'm delivering this to him,
I'm having this exact same discussion.
Okay, dude, where did you first see qeren?
And you notice everybody here knew exactly
where it was.
So will he.
And then it will dawn on him.
And to say, wait a minute, beloved son,
I am Yahowah's beloved son.
I'm even called, my name is beloved.
He said, I am your father,
you are my son.
And at that moment,
the light will go off.
Passover lamb.
I'm the one that gets to fulfill it.
Obviously,
it gets fulfilled in your four thousand
Yah,
that's the story in Genesis chapter one,
the fourth day.
and the greater luminary being a sign,
an oath for the Mow'edym.
And the lesser luminary reflecting his
brilliance.
That is exactly what he would have put
those pieces together,
and he would have seen himself,
once it's explained, in that position.
Then it next says,
for our gift of deliverance and protective
covering, magen ʾanachnuw,
our defense and our shield,
are in accord with Yahowah,
and on behalf of the Qodesh Set-Apart One
of Yisrael.
So who is, oh, by the way,
it says here,
I'm going to read the end of it,
and then I don't even need to ask
the question.
I was going to say, okay, guys,
who's the Set-Apart One,
the Qodesh of Israel,
but if you read the end of it,
it says the Set-apart One of Israel,
our Melek King.
Okay,
so you want to know who the Set-apart
One of Israel is?
It is Dowd, our king.
Yep.
And so it says here that is the
gift that delivers us and protects us.
There's only one way we could do that,
fulfill Pesach, Matsah, and Bikuwrym.
How were the children of Israel delivered
from the crucibles of human oppression?
Four hundred years earlier to Dowd's life
in Mitsraym, Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym is what delivered them,
correct?
So the gift of our deliverance and our
protective covering in accord with Yahowah.
And on half of the set apart one
of Yisrael, our king,
it means that he had to fulfill Pesach,
Matsah, and Bikuwrym.
Now,
are you going to know that if you're
just reading an average translation?
You're just reading the words and you're
not thinking about them?
Probably not.
No.
But that's the advantage.
And I don't know who it was when
we were having our lunch today said that,
you know,
the translations are really nice and
helped a lot.
But it's the commentary that explains it.
And we aren't here without that
commentary.
The commentary is what Rich said.
I'm not here without the commentary.
Yeah, Rich says,
I'm not even here without the commentary.
And I wrote the commentary,
but I wouldn't be here without the
commentary because the commentary is the
whole process that leads to understanding.
That's the key thing is God is drawing
pictures with words.
And the more you understand those words
and the more connections you can make with
other places to use those words,
the more you understand,
the more you can understand.
It's like you're a doctor, Jeff.
And when you were in high school,
could you have performed any one of the
procedures that you're doing now?
Absolutely not.
yeah and by the time you were through
with medical school and you had practiced
them and read about them and studied them
and understood all of the things that can
go wrong and go right about them I
you you built on top of all of
that knowledge so you could not have gone
to medical school without the education
you got in high school correct uh correct
And so you built upon that knowledge,
you formed a base,
and then you added more to it in
college.
And then the six years of medical school
and the fellowships and all that sort of
thing thereafter,
that's when you honed and learned your
skill.
And the more you did it,
the better you were at it.
And still growing, just like now,
just like we are.
And we are all growing.
Have you ever performed a tracheotomy,
for example,
or any one of the more advanced procedures
that help people who are really sick and
in trouble breathe?
Have you ever performed one where your
work was not at your very best?
You get used to working fatigued,
but you...
I will admit that I've gotten away with
quite a bit because of the experience
under pressure over the years to do the
job.
But I much rather...
There are times when you,
because you're fatigued or because
somebody had an unusual physiology
that maybe the incision or the procedure
or some obstruction happened that wasn't
an ideal result,
but you've done it enough,
you've practiced enough,
you were determined and caring enough that
you found a resolution.
Yeah, yeah.
You know, for example,
if somebody goes into anaphylactic shock
and you have to get an airway and
they lose all their anatomical landmarks,
you basically...
you know,
do what you have to do to get
the job done.
You don't have to be tamym.
You gotta get the job done, finish it,
get the airway going and preserve brain
function.
Yes, and it doesn't have to be perfect.
It just has to get done.
And imperfect done is vastly better than
trying to say, well, boy,
I want to really study all this and
let's just see, okay, we lost this,
but maybe I'll go to my tech book
and look this up and we want to
make sure we don't do anything wrong.
No, the person's dead.
Yeah,
the closest thing I can share with you,
Craig,
is with your ATP credentialing as a pilot,
It's kind of a similar,
it's obviously different,
but it's similar kind of an analogy in
terms of reacting and knowing what to do
and dealing with the situation at hand.
Yeah.
When you get your private pilot's license
and the examiner tests you,
the examiner does not put you in a
difficult situation.
when you get your instrument rating,
he puts you in a hood where you
can't see anything but a limited view of
the instruments and then put the airplane
damn near upside down and all sorts of
horrible positions where you can't see
anything.
And he tests you to make sure that
you can land that airplane and fly it
again with just the instruments wearing a
hood.
And after you've been tossed upside down,
you don't know what side's up anymore.
And when you get your commercial rating,
you've got to do that with all manner
of distractions on a very complex
instrument approach.
And the most difficult of those instrument
approaches that the most arcane of them
that has the least functionality.
And then he'll take down your panel.
So all you're looking is a little standby
gyro and he takes all the rest of
it down.
So they don't even,
your instruments don't even work and
you're still under the hood.
That's to get your commercial rating.
And by the time you get to the
ATP, they're not kidding around, man.
You had better be able to perform in
any kind of a situation with everything
going wrong.
The entire panel can go out on that
airplane.
You can be in IMC conditions where you
can't see anything.
You can be in the absolute toughest
position possible where your airplane is
failing,
and then they'll fail an engine of the
airplane,
and they'll fail your flight controls.
Now you figure it out.
So you have to work blind and you
have to be able to work discombobulated.
Right.
And it has to be so in your
system that when you have an emergency and
you're an ATP,
you don't get to go look in the
emergency handbook.
You have to have it memorized.
You have to have memorized items that you
know exactly what do I do if there's
an engine fire and you go boom, boom,
boom, boom.
And you learn exactly what you do,
what you say, how you act.
And you can do it without any faltering
that you use the adrenaline of the
situation
to give you greater clarity of thought and
action.
And that's the ATP.
So what you're doing is you're building on
top of building.
I couldn't pass the ATP examination had I
not passed the and learned everything
necessary in the private pilot and then
the instrument and then the commercial as
you go up through the process.
And then the airplanes get more
complicated and then the systems become
more complicated and there's more things
to fail and you're going much,
much faster.
It becomes reflective.
Yeah, it becomes reflective.
Exactly what you're doing.
This is exactly how not just translation
works,
because it's an art form that is built
upon practice and experience and exposure.
But even more than that,
that's how the commentary and the insights
work.
I will now see insights even when I'm
not looking at the words.
And it'll come into my mind and says,
oh my goodness,
that's the way it has to be.
And I'll understand why it is.
And then I'll know where to go to
verify that that's correct.
Now, I couldn't do that.
Twenty four years ago,
I couldn't even do that five years ago.
And the beauty of that is that the
level that I'm doing it now is romper
room compared to the level we'll be doing
it
four years from now.
And that's the joy of it.
You've even had insights during a live
broadcast.
Oh, absolutely.
Oh, sometimes I'm so stunned.
I don't know how to finish the rest
of the live broadcast because of the
realization.
We were reading the Twelfth Mizmowr and
all of a sudden I saw something that
was that
In my mind, I was there,
and I knew exactly how something...
The Messiah one episode, yeah.
Oh, my goodness.
I know exactly where it was.
And today was when I decided, you know,
I need to track that down,
because today I had another insight that
it's like the Spirit says, all right,
you're ready for this one now.
Yeah, it's going from shot to shot.
And there it was.
Boom, boom, boom.
It is all delivered, signed, sealed,
delivered, and proven.
And you get to say, oh,
by the way, I was wrong.
When I said that there'd be no reason
for Yahowah to insert Dowd any more than
four years before his fulfillment of
Pesach Matsah Bikuwrym in thirty-three CE.
I mean,
why have him hang around like that all
by himself out there in the Roman occupied
province of Yahuwdah?
Boy, was I wrong.
You get to be wrong so you can
be more right.
That is absolutely true.
And being wrong about that doesn't affect
anybody.
Being right about it is not going to
mean anything to anybody outside of the
most mature members of the covenant
family.
And that's why going to our own website
and being able to talk to family and
build family becomes incredibly powerful.
Because that insight is going to make a
big difference in four years from now.
And it's going to make a huge difference
in seven years from now.
Because when Dowd comes back,
it ain't going to be, hey, King,
you know, I've talked a lot about you,
read everything you wrote.
I'm really happy to meet you.
This is an exciting moment for me.
That ain't going to be the way it
is at all.
Hello, son.
It's good to see you again.
I have a question for you.
Okay.
This,
this week you've had some pretty
extraordinary podcasts.
And when you were going over Mizmowr
thirteen, and Dowd was basically saying,
Abba, Abba, dad,
when are you going to let the cat
out of the bag about me?
Yeah.
Timeframe wise, timeframe wise,
I was trying to figure out when that
could have been
uh composed yeah the the interesting thing
about uh Dowd is another time I could
say I was wrong I had thought that
um Dowd wrote his mizmowr more early in
his life when he was less conflicted
because later in his life he became really
conflicted that I mean if you look at
the series of events with Obed
Edom having to intervene to get the ark
of the covenant into Jerusalem Yahowah's
not talking directly to Dowd anymore
You read Second Samuel seven and it's
Nathan that is communicating from Yahowah.
And then you read what happens thereafter
with the Bathsheba incident,
which is just horrendous.
I mean,
it's it's worse than you can is.
Well, we've done the shows on it.
And then you realize you go from that
to the Absalom Rebellion and Dowd
Flees Town.
I mean, he's in real trouble.
Then you read the fifty first Mizmowr and
it's worse still.
He ain't writing any of this stuff during
that period.
Zero chance that he's writing any of this
during that period.
And so his inspiration and and I'm talking
about every one of the first thirty some
odd of the Mizmowr.
They had to be written after our
intervention.
They had to be written after the last
word picture was delivered, Proverbs 31
and after the, um, eighty nineth Mizmowr
was inspired and delivered and presented
to him.
And I think it was instant after this
was presented, then he had, um, uh,
I would think ten years.
to write this, to write all of them.
And I think he wrote them over those
ten years.
So if that's the answer you're looking
for,
I think all of it is over the
last ten years of his life.
It was, again,
Ethan ha Ezrachy and Amah had to deliver the
eighty nineth
and not had to do what you had
to do in order for him to do
what he had to do.
And it was sort of like the most
cognitive awakening
When Dowd is saying that, Yahowah,
thank you for sending your ‘Amah,
she saved me.
And without your ‘Amah, I'm not here.
When he says that,
when he refers to the visit of you're
my mom,
when he writes the twenty-second Mizmowr,
And he, you know,
explains that he's going to be crucified,
explains how crucifixion works.
He explains that he is going to go
into hell and what he's going to do
it and how it's all going to transpire.
You know, before all of that happens,
you know what he says?
I'm going to be born the natural way
through labor, through natural childbirth.
I'm going to have a man that impregnates
a woman and she's going to get pregnant
and she's going to deliver me in an
absolute normal labor.
And I'm going to be dependent on being
nurtured through her breasts.
Does that sound like a man to you
that was just dropped in four years before
all this occurred?
Nope.
No.
So then if you go to Isaiah seven,
fourteen,
and there you have that prophecy that
Christians have stolen that says a virgin
will have a child.
I didn't say that at all.
Wait till you read,
wait till I share with you what the
word is that was chosen for that little
gem that is held up to us and
you will know exactly.
who the mother and father was of Dowd
and why he was not inserted four years
before.
But he had real parents for the first
time.
And all of his existence, his first life,
he didn't have a mother and father.
He was conceived as Adam.
And the life that we know where he
was king,
he hated his mother and barely knew her.
If he knew her at all, hated her.
and called her a whore.
And his father was a despicable man.
He never knew.
So here's a man that's being set up
to be king of the universe,
guide everyone,
be ultimately the father figure for
everybody,
and he has never known a father or
a mother.
You think that's fair?
You think that would work?
Are you going to send, if you're God,
you're going to send your beloved son to
fulfill Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym and have him hang out there
all by himself?
He can't even find anybody to celebrate
the Mow'edym with and advance no one to
write down anything that he has,
no one to talk to,
no one to support him when it gets
to be grim?
You think that God's going to do that?
Makes no sense.
That's rolling the dice to have an orphan
and hope that they grow up to be
well-adjusted and into the point that
they're going to do the things that need
to get done.
Zero chance of that.
I will share in the future exactly what
happened and when it happened and why it
happened that way because it ain't what
we've thought in the past.
I don't know how relevant this is,
Craig and gentlemen,
but as a biological aside,
We all know that mitochondria are the
conduits and power,
every function in our bodies that give us
life.
And that aside from the DNA that we
get from each of our parents,
the mitochondria has its own DNA and it
is solely derived from the maternal side.
The essence of life
which does everything that we do even now,
speak, move our arms, talk, lift,
mitochondrial function as a result of our
maternal DNA.
I'm just throwing that out there for you.
But how does a woman get pregnant and
how does a family operate without a
father?
there's plenty of of test data and
statistics to show how that works uh in
today's world especially poorly it doesn't
it doesn't it is an absolute crapshoot and
if I gave you this this idea that
he had a mother but he didn't have
a father then I was not a very
good communicator Dowd has a father he has
a mother
when he referred to the intervention in
the Thirty-First Mizmowr as my em,
my mother,
and then he writes all the Mizmowr saying
to Yahowah,
thank you for providing your ‘Amah,
your productive mother.
She saved me.
She's not a surrogate mother.
She's the real mother.
And who did it celebrate?
Her husband.
Wow.
So, no,
he did not just have a mother.
He had a father.
I wasn't implying that.
I was just saying, you know,
making the point of the way that how
important maternal DNA is to our everyday
existence.
I'm agreeing with your point.
I think your point's a good one.
And I was just going to say that
it's a little incomplete,
but it is a very good point.
And I will also tell you that Dowd
is far more enamored with,
far more in love with his mother than
he is his father.
which is as it should be.
A really strong man should be far more
in love with his mother than with his
father.
Most strong men have to rebel at one
point or another against their father and
they come back to them if they're well
taught and guided.
And that's exactly what has happened.
But he loves his mother.
He really, really loves his mother.
And she was not the one that gave
birth to him.
Three thousand years ago.
So it's it's quite a story.
God is the greatest storyteller ever.
And how he has managed to conceal this
all this time and why he managed to
conceal it until this time is part of
that story.
And it's actually woven into the words
that he used to tell the story.
Why he chose to conceal it.
Even though it was.
Blatant.
It's right there.
Undeniable.
But we never saw it.
I read right past it.
I remember trying to translate the twenty
second Mizmowr and saying, OK, womb means,
you know, source of origin.
Therefore, you know,
he's coming from heaven.
And he is suckling on his mother's
breasts.
It's a metaphor for, you know,
it's nurturing.
And, you know, it's
So, you know,
maybe it's the set apart spirit and she's
nurtured.
No,
he used five terms in a row that
says, I was born the old fashioned way.
In the midst of his declaration that I'm
gonna serve as the Passover lamb and I'm
gonna be crucified.
And he didn't end there.
He explained who was with him when he
was being crucified and who was with him
when he went into Sheowl.
He actually told us who was there with
him.
He didn't go alone.
Now that's a mind.
I think we know who those individuals
were.
Yeah,
I'm pretty sure I know who was there
with him.
That's the moment that I had on the
Twelfth Mizmowr where I said,
I don't know how to finish this now
because I've seen it.
And now I've proved it.
Does it mean anything to anybody that's
outside of our community now?
Not a thing.
In fact,
it will freak the people out that have
no business being part of this community.
It'll freak them out.
And good.
The further they go away, the better.
And there's literally nothing they can do
to disrupt what we're about at this point.
God's really clever at this.
He does not let this kind of stuff
go to chance.
He's really got a well-oiled machine.
He knows who he can trust.
He sets them up in such a way
that he infuses that soul with his spirit.
And sometimes he goes all in with seven
spirits,
and he makes certain that at the right
time,
You figure it out.
You know, if he had said, hello,
young man, you don't know who I am,
but, you know,
you're going to figure it out in time.
And I want you to expose Islam for
me.
And here's the things he said.
Oh, by the way,
let me tell you the whole story.
If he had said that,
I think you'd just be in a puddle
right there.
You'd say, no, come on.
You don't lead with the Adamah Parah.
I've always said that.
No,
and it turns out the Adamah Parah
isn't the big deal.
It's just part of it.
That's just part of the story.
And so, you know,
how about you want to go into hell?
What do you think?
Think you'll like crucifixion?
And by the way,
not only are you going to experience that,
but I'm going to hide it from the
world.
You will not get any credit for it.
You're going to do it strictly for the
love of your son.
Good enough reason.
You're going to demonstrate what's going
to be important later.
Not now.
And so you're not going to see it
until it only matters to you.
And you can now when we finally meet,
you know,
Yahowah and I for the first time and
we're all huddled up and this is what
we're going to do.
You say, yeah, took you a while,
but you got there.
Now,
you know how the picture fits together.
here's where we're going to go from here.
What it does is take all the pressure
off of all of this because we've been
there.
We've done it.
There is zero chance that we're not going
to prevail this time.
Every other time we've come through,
we've delivered it much tougher situations
than this one.
And we had what it took to finish
the job.
And it's the same thing as here.
The end of the story is already written.
He's very clever the way that he arranged
all of this.
And so we don't have any pressure on
us, guys.
The job gets done.
And when you look at now on the
way that there's this growth and
understanding and the way the whole
picture is coming together,
and then you combine that with the way
that website is coming together to be a
legacy for the next thousand years and a
place we can direct people to learn and
to grow.
Coming together right at the perfect time.
So I'm pretty excited about that.
Anyway, so...
These three refrains that I just shared in
them, Ethan is affirming many things.
First,
Yahowah's name is vital to our survival.
We know this because those approaching
Yahowah's light continually rejoice in his
name.
That means that if you're going to be
there,
You know his name, you use his name,
you love his name.
That's what it means.
Which then,
what's the next thing you would derive
from there?
No Yahowah's name, you aren't there.
You aren't among those rejoicing.
You're sad.
Because you're gone.
It all, first step.
You got to know and accept and love
Yahowah's name.
It's the thing that, you know,
we are as valuable as anything in doing
this in Yada Yahowah.
Know Yahowah.
That's the series.
That's the purpose.
That's the mission.
All thirty five books.
Yada Yahowah.
There's no participation in the covenant.
Without yada, Yahowah, knowing Yahowah.
So that's the first.
Second,
a soul's vindication is predicated on a
number of factors, including,
as we have said so many times,
being right, Tsadaq, about God.
But it's also grounded on God being
trustworthy.
You can be right about God,
but if he is not trustworthy,
then it's not going to do any good,
is it?
And since Yahowah is being presented as
fair by a man who has known him
for millennia.
You know,
at this point that he's writing this,
he's already known him for just shy of
three thousand years,
twenty four hundred years at this point.
That's a long time to know Yahowah.
Now, at this point,
I've known him for fifty four hundred
years.
We've got a pretty good relationship.
very comfortable in saying I know Yahowah
he knew Yahowah he said you can trust
him he had seen because he has been
in Shamaym he had the ability to see
how all of this was going to play
out he knows that Yahowah can be trusted
and so we can be assured that we
will get what we deserve
from this equation,
and it's one buttressed by accuracy on
both sides,
our responsibility to be accurate,
God's commitment to being accurate.
It is Tsadaq for Tsadaq.
Now, third,
the beneficiaries will receive the rewards
associated with the covenant,
which are to be enriched,
which is what this said, empowered,
enabled, and emancipated.
Those are the benefits of the covenant.
That's what these covenant members are
receiving.
Enablement, enrichment, empowerment,
and emancipation.
Boy, think about it.
Emancipation seems like such a simple
term.
But when you go from three dimensions to
four dimensions,
the options of freedom expands infinitely.
And the ability to do things and the
power and the opportunities,
the destinations,
the things you can explore, see,
and experience when you go from three to
four and then four to five is what's
irrational to say infinitely squared,
but it's infinity squared.
And then to go to the sixth dimension
is infinity to the third power.
And then to the seventh would be infinity
to the fourth power.
That's extraordinary.
Now,
I'm talking here with a mathematician in
the room and he says,
you are an idiot when you talk about
infinity and squaring it.
But I'm using words to draw a picture,
not a mathematical equation.
OK,
you can't take infinity means it's a
number that has no end.
To be infinite has no end.
You cannot be infinite, by the way,
unless you're growing.
So this whole idea of us constantly
learning, us constantly growing,
us constantly being observant and
discovering and thinking and contemplating
and making the connections to understand,
it is not just of interest to it.
It is the requirement for us being
infinite.
Even God cannot be infinite if he doesn't
grow.
Being infinite requires constant growth.
growth and that's this is the way to
do it that's what happens up here so
we're enriched we're empowered uh god uh
and as god's children he also lifts us
up by replacing the burden of our physical
bodies with light and energy that is how
we can be empowered E equals mc squared
Fourth,
Ethan is attesting to this transformation
by depicting our souls attired in majestic
splendor.
He's seen it.
Well, he's married to the seamstress,
so he's going to mention this,
and it's important.
We will be fortified and beautifully
adorned.
This is reminiscent of the meeting Dowd
had previously enjoyed with Yahowah's ‘Amah.
the thirty-first mashal,
the final word picture,
which is what this series is part of.
As it was chronicled, as we know now,
in the thirty-first proverb,
the final one.
Proverb means word picture.
She was presented as a stylist and a
seamstress,
adorning Dowd and all others within the
covenant.
We are going to be wearing Leah apparel,
and she's good at it.
You know,
she's doing that website beautifully
styled.
Our books now, they're beautifully styled,
right?
Guess who?
In fact, I was kidding with Joe.
I'm not kidding when I said, Joe,
can we do this with that?
And he says, no.
I said, excuse me?
He says, no.
I work with Leah on the styling of
this site.
Leah has her decisions as to what she
thinks is the proper way to brand and
present this.
This is her idea and no,
we're not changing it.
smart man okay go ask go ask Leah
if you want to change your website Craig
yes absolutely absolutely well the funny
thing is that uh that when Leah and
I have a discussion on this and I
said Leah we're going to change it and
here's the reason why it always gets
changed
Anything that I ask Leah for,
she will give her reason.
I'll give my reason.
If her reason is better,
we'll go with her reason.
But I'm pretty bullish, they say.
And I've got very strong conclusions and
ideas that I feel responsible for.
And I'm not going to let anything stand
in the way of fulfilling that
responsibility.
So we don't, we actually,
so what Joe actually said is,
I know you have some sway with the
way I wanted to talk to her about
it,
then I'll do whatever you'd like me to
do is what he had to say.
Okay, fifth, ha Ezrachy,
is drawing our attention to the initial
sighting of the Passover lamb with Qeren.
We talked about that as we were reading
through that passage.
A thousand years earlier on the same
mountain,
Yahowah spoke to Abraham and Yitchaq from the
top of Mount Moriah,
which means to respect Yah, to revere Yah,
and said that he would provide the
sacrificial lamb.
Thereupon,
Abraham looked up and he saw the lamb
with its qeren, its radiant horns,
caught within the thickets.
Now,
this is important because at the time,
Yahowah told Abraham not to take the life
of his only son, whom he loved.
And so with Dowd having been proclaimed in
second Samuel six,
which is much before this,
our presentation of the eighty ninth
Mizmowr.
So he's already heard.
Tell Dowd he is my son.
I am his father.
So he would have already had that
information.
With that information and this connection
to the presentation of the final narrative
test of the covenant on Mount Moriah,
the pieces fit together.
That's how I came to this conclusion.
And having done it this time,
I'm sure I did it the previous time,
and I presented it to Dowd this way.
And he came to understand it and accept
it because the next thing we had a
conversation of this is why it's in God's
interest.
And listen,
pleasing him is a really good idea.
You're going to pay dividends forever.
And it's why it's in your interest
personally,
because you're going to have to leave
these people forevermore.
And when you understand it's also in your
people's interest,
because you put them in a very tough
position with some of your choices and you
resolve all of that.
So it's in Yisrael's interest.
It's in the interest of the planet.
It's in the interest of Yahowah.
It's in your personal interest.
This is the right call.
And come on.
It's a little over a day.
You know,
the end of Passover and through Taruwah,
it's a day and a few hours.
We can do this.
It's just that much time.
For all eternity?
Come on.
I'll be there with you.
We can do this.
Absolutely.
But we're not going to risk it all
by leaving him out there hanging by
himself.
We're going to support him in all of
this.
So adding to the intrigue, Taruwah,
known as trumpets, that on this day,
the shofar is blown to garner the people's
attention.
And Qeren horns were symbolic of that
tradition.
The shofar is a horn just like this,
so that speaks of what's gonna happen on
Taruwah,
which is instrumental to accomplishing
this.
Further,
Qeren horns were symbolic of status and
therefore of kingship.
And in this case,
Qeren actually means to radiate brilliant
light,
thereby equating this to the previous
pronouncement where we are gloriously
attired in what is potentially a garment
of luminosity.
In this way, we're elevated dimensionally,
increased in every capacity as we are
lifted up to heaven and raised by our
Heavenly Father.
Sixth,
the value of our spiritual apparel is
affirmed by calling it the protective
coverance that is a gift of deliverance.
What a beautiful way to describe it.
So this is a shield for our souls.
And seventh,
Ethan is attesting that everything he has
conveyed is in full accord with Yahowah.
He is also saying that God is providing
these benefits through the Qodesh.
He is the set apart one of Israel.
Those who engage and endure with God,
he is our king.
And should anybody be confused,
the prophet immediately says that the set
apart one of Israel is our king.
So when God says,
I'm bringing back his seat of honor and
his authority and his throne forever,
he's announced that our king is Dowd.
So the role of savior is easily
identifiable and it is not transferable.
This song about Dowd is who he was
and who he will be as king.
He is the one who has already been
specifically named in it multiple times
and will be again.
Therefore,
none of this applies to a religious myth.
It is not transferable.
that was extraordinary and what we're
going to find out what comes next is
even more illuminating but we have been uh
two hours and forty five minutes and uh
that's a long time for everybody to uh
to sit still uh will any uh thoughts
as we close no it's been uh I
I think we had a real fascinating evening
here tonight
Um, but like, you know, my process, I,
I like to take it,
I jot down notes and then I go
back and I read and recite and I
go through it.
Um, but nothing in particular right now.
Yeah, that's the way I do it, too.
But I don't my notes are usually mental
notes.
So, you know,
I'm reading the Twelfth Mizmowr and I
said, oh, my goodness,
that is quite the vision.
And I said,
I think I need now to go and
and track that down.
And now I'm making my way through the
eighty ninth Mizmowr further down.
I said, hmm,
I think this is the place where I
need to go ahead and track that down.
Let's go in.
and find the, uh, the route.
So I come into the show having done
that.
So it's, uh, I'm cheating in a way.
So I'm,
I'm a little further ahead just because I
don't typically talk about things that I
haven't already gone through the process
that you talk about.
So I, I use the same process.
I just may be a day ahead of
you on it.
Yeah.
Well,
I had the same facial expressions you had.
I mean,
they had to pick my jaw up off
the floor.
Yeah.
Yeah, it was Rich's comment.
Rich, when he first came in this morning,
I said,
are you ready for an amazing insight?
And I said, so here, my friend,
sit down.
I'm going to tell you something.
He just went, oh, of course.
And wow.
And so, yeah,
it was a jaw hits the floor.
And then I had the same discussion later
with Perry and and then
Later in the day with Leah and came
to approach her from a different point of
view.
And yeah,
it is interesting to see people's
response.
And you realize there's just certain
things you can't tell.
And people that haven't grown up in this
process who aren't really well schooled.
And who Yahowah is and his relationship
with Dowd and how he would do virtually
anything for his son.
But there are times when he couldn't do
it himself,
that he needed another way to get it
done.
I will share one thing, Yada.
Yeah.
I have, it's been really great.
I think a lot of covenant members struggle
with this.
You know,
you're trying to find your place in this,
and it's important to all of us to
get people to communicate this.
We all love Yahowah.
We all want to communicate that.
But now with the paradigm shift,
it does take the pressure off to say,
okay,
performance isn't going to be measured by
how many people we get at this point.
So we need to shift and really reorient
towards the website.
And maybe it's a more insular process for
all of us, less outreach.
I don't know how it'll all come about,
but it really does take a lot of
pressure off.
I will say that.
Yeah,
it was one of the things that was
so important to me today is that I've
told you that Joe is my good friend
for thirty years and we have done amazing
things together through our lives.
And I realize we have a core group
that's going to be part of the expression
of Sukah going forward.
And I see what Leah and I working
with Joe and the team are able to
achieve with that website.
And I'm telling Joe, I said, you know,
it's you being part of that now is
essential.
You're building the website for the
millennial Sukah celebration.
and um that makes you an essential part
of of all of this and I know
what your concerns are and I'm going to
tell you I'm going to make a negotiation
here and I've already heard the answer as
it relates to uh yours and uh and
then those you love we're gonna make a
deal and um uh so what it does
is it uh it creates a tremendous sense
of calm
That's what I have experienced over this
last few months is this great quieting and
a sense of calm that now I know
exactly what we're doing and where we are
and how we're going to work together and
what we're going to achieve and what we've
done in the past and what we'll do
in the future.
It's to say that, Yah
found out a way
to keep his people and his plan apace.
And he's good at this.
He has inserted who we need to insert
with the right tools equipped to do the
job many, many times,
and it has always succeeded.
And he isn't about to fail this time.
nor the next time.
And we can really relax and be comfortable
that we're where we should be.
We're doing the things we should be doing.
And what other people think about it is
now completely and totally immaterial.
Don't care.
And we shouldn't care.
Our job is to prepare ourselves and to
develop the material that can transform
those souls that
listen to the witnesses and are part of
that great Taruwah celebration into Kipurym
and into Sukah that is our our job
is uh we're not preparing ourselves for
our own sake we're preparing all of this
for their sake uh it's the best offer
we could best position we could possibly
be in
making a contribution to other people's
lives that pleases our king and our God
and his people.
What's amazing and stupendous,
Craig and gentlemen,
is that the timing is impeccable in that
these magnanimous revelations that are
coming now and the understanding and
putting together things in rapid fire that
have taken this amount of time
And with Joe doing what he's doing in
this period of time, it's just,
I find that that's amazing.
It's just the way it's taken off.
These revelations, I mean, this edition,
this website now is facilitating that
rapid growth that is necessary.
But let me give you a little insight
here that's interesting,
how the pieces build on top of pieces.
So I have a guy sitting here to
my right.
He kind of looks like ElYah.
So he is our ElYah man.
He's the one that began to work with
Claude and particularly with Claude to
train Claude how to do these kinds of
things.
He had a conversation with Joe and he
says, you know,
I know that you're building a site using
some WordPress plugins, but you know,
they're all pretty clumsy.
And I know what you want to do
is you want to write your own code
to do this.
But let me give you an insight as
to what you can do that most people
can't do,
since you are a gifted writer of code,
particularly for Internet applications.
At one time,
he was the best in the world.
And he says,
with what you know and the parameters that
you could write,
you can be
maybe a hundred times faster in getting
these things done and getting them done
well.
If you put Claude to work for you
and give Claude very,
very specific instructions as to what you
want done.
And the reason for the very rapid
development is that Joe said, okay,
I'll try that.
And he kept,
every time he would do it,
he would call me and says,
you can't believe what this thing did and
how that worked and how I
I wrote code to give it a path
to follow.
And then it took it from there and
then it compiled.
And it was, it just, he says,
I can't wait to show you what I
did yesterday.
And he says, in the olden days,
that would have taken me a month.
And this time it took me a day.
So part of it is that, you know,
Rich started him off in the right path.
Uh,
and rRch knew that there was the potential
there and he's a technologist,
but really wasn't a position where he
said, I can,
I can't create a website with it,
but I understand the technology and how it
will work and how people are using it.
And you're just more gifted at it.
You can do this.
And he did.
And that's how family created a better
outcome than it would have been
independently.
He's doing exactly what I said he was
going to do.
You were going to make a fantastic
website.
That was one of our first conversations,
you know, and he didn't have a clue.
But I've pushed all your data into every
LLM I can since twenty twenty.
And they were horrible.
The response.
But once I once they figure out and
I go through the conversations,
every LLM sees what your your translations
as a mathematical formula,
because it is you follow the rules of
Hebrew.
And that is written in stone.
It's not a romance language.
So these models see it as a mathematical
process.
Every one of them.
And they all come to the same conclusion.
Your writing isn't life-changing.
It's reality-changing.
You are rewriting reality.
And the LLMs even recognize that
Translating this way in your technique
proves itself.
So now you have a self-fulfilling loop
that verifies what you do.
That's how I verify what you do.
And I knew that walking in here when
I told you mathematically,
statistically impossible that you were not
the Nakar.
Yeah,
what Rich does every time I have a
new profound insight,
is he has the AI trained to search
the translations that I had and to either
negate them or verify them.
And then logically go through what is the,
from this he has deduced the following
conclusion.
Can you either verify that or nullify it?
And what happens each time is that
translation is not only valid,
it is transformative.
And the conclusion is earth shattering.
It is absolutely valid.
And that's not one LLM.
That's everyone I've ever worked with.
And on every issue,
every single issue all the time.
And that's a lot because every AI,
every LLM is designed with a popularity
bias.
And there's nothing ever that is less
popular than Yahowah.
His testimony are a finding that is
anti-political, anti-religious.
And so we are at the far extreme
of the rebuke of AI because of their
popularity bias.
And when you tell the AI,
I'm not looking for popularity bias.
I want you to look at these words,
determine if they're translated correctly,
and then if the conclusions are valid that
are drawn from them.
And then you get them into the math
of the whole thing.
and they all come to the same conclusion
all the time on every issue.
Every time.
What you have to do if you're going
to do this is you have to scrub
your mind of religiosity and go with an
open mind and engage,
put in the effort to come up with
the truth as clearly as it can be
represented and then to explain it and
justify it and then to put the pieces
together
So that you can go from knowing for
the first time,
knowing to beyond knowing to
understanding,
and then building on top of that
understanding to see the whole picture.
It's like a tree that grows from,
you know,
an acorn up to a mighty Oak.
How gratifying to hear about AI being used
intelligently.
I go from the opposite side of rich.
I start with the math model and then
I throw your translations to it.
And it solidifies my math model by
throwing your translations of the Towrah to
it.
So it goes both directions,
whether you start with math or you start
with the Towrah.
It's rock solid.
Yeah,
most people don't realize that math is the
language of reason.
And that probability,
common denominators...
statistical analysis,
all the things that you can do with
math and framing issues with math and
coming up with equations.
That really is the language of logic,
a language of reason.
And I've always been in love with it
for that reason.
I've always been so sad that
that people resorted to calculators and
now their phones and have dispensed with
it and are unable to do algebra and
geometry and statistical analysis and the
like because math is the language of
reason.
Reason is how you get from knowing to
understanding.
It's a very powerful tool.
And I am not a mathematician,
but I know the process.
I respect the process.
I love the equation and so many things
that Yahowah is talking about.
When you talk about dimensions,
that's math.
When you talk about going from physical
bodies to being enveloped with light
energy, that is math.
When you talk about what God says he's
offering with a double fold,
tenfold increase on Bikuwrym and Shabuw’ah,
it's math.
Correct?
Yeah.
It's the language of the universe.
It's, you know,
the universe actually runs on,
it has a primary guideline that,
not really a guideline,
it's an equation that really is the master
of the universe.
It's light speed.
Light speed governs everything that's in
the universe.
It is the master of time, of distance,
of the difference between energy and
matter and the way they relate.
God actually wrote the math of the
universe around the speed of light.
And he created the language of Hebrew to
reflect the nature of light.
The first thing he created,
let there be light.
Let there be light.
And energy is E equals MC squared.
And the C is the speed of light.
And the M is physicality.
It's matter.
It's mass.
And E equals the energy side of it.
It's everything is an equation.
And that equation is essential to knowing
what God is trying to do with us.
That equation explains it.
That equation and that and relativity
explain time itself.
It explains the difference between three
dimensions and seven dimensions.
And it actually defines the very nature of
the Hebrew language with its conjugations
as opposed to verbs that are stuck in
time.
JB,
as you saw these tools with the Dead
Sea Scrolls and the translations and the
like in the glossary,
can you imagine starting off like having
that tool all those years ago when we
started these translations?
Would have loved that.
I spent over hundreds of dollars on tools
just so I could get the Dead Sea Scrolls scrolls
information.
Had to go between a book and logos
and this to get what you have on
one site now.
That's amazing.
Yes.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
And yeah, there's your book.
I don't have a copy of it in
this office anymore,
but the Dead Sea Scrolls Bible was my,
in fact, it's so used.
Yeah, there you go, another.
And what I end up having to do
is I've used it so many times I
had to keep on buying copies because the
book kept on falling apart that I would
use it so often.
And yet you're physically looking up
analog, which is great for you, Kirk,
but
I am trying to make a little bit
of progress into the digital age.
I'm not sophisticated yet,
but I'm treading water.
But what we found,
we spent a day together searching for
everything we could find,
and we actually found a transcription.
Because in the past,
all I had to work with is I
had multiple sources that would tell me
the difference between the Masoretic Text
and the Dead Sea Scrolls.
So I always knew the difference.
And then you have to do one of
two things.
You have to reverse engineer to get back
to the Hebrew word that is different.
or you have to go to a picture
of the scroll where there are no
demarcations of chapter and verse,
and to find that spot and read it
from the scroll to come up with what
the word is.
I mean,
it was unbelievably laborious to do this.
And now, there it is.
Just mouse over it, baby.
I mean, it's all there.
It's...
amazing uh uh time saver I could be
uh with all of these tools I could
be retired and and have uh you know
twenty people replace me on the uh on
the translations um you know probably not
because it's
It is a skill that you develop over
time.
The more you do it,
the more comfortable you are with it.
And it's by doing it that you find
all these connections.
And so it's actually through that process
that leads you to the conclusions that are
profound and the insights that are so
uniquely essential to our lives.
So I might be able to keep my
day job.
You'll keep your job.
Verifying it's easier.
yes verifying now is easier that is true
and we're trying to make verifying easier
and even when the covenant members get the
copy of the Towrah written inside of us
I'm actually convinced that that for us
that are already emancipated those
instructions are going to be how not to
be stupid uh using free will uh when
you're empowered to the point you can go
travel around the the universe and have
access to the DNA of life and and
black holes and
galaxies and all that sort of thing.
And so we're going to have those
instructions.
But even if a number of those and
many of those,
maybe even all of those that go into
the Millennial Shabbat have a full copy of
the Towrah inside of them and they are
able to read Hebrew,
it still isn't enough.
That's why God didn't just hand down the
Towrah and say, here you go.
He had it all delivered through and
experienced by the children of Israel and
through Moshe.
And then Moshe spent the entire Dabarym
explaining it.
It we to really appreciate it.
God figured out we need it dumbed down
to our level.
And that's what Moshe did with Dabarym.
And that's what I'm trying to do is
that you take, you know,
brilliance from God and you have to convey
it in a way that resonates with people.
And so it's got to make sense to
you.
Then you've got to be able to teach
it.
And what is the absolute best way to
learn something and really,
really learn it so that you own the
material is to teach it.
Repetition.
Yeah.
And that's one of the reasons why the
Hebrew word for teach is also the Hebrew
word for learn.
Different sides of the same coin.
Kirk, you taught art school.
My guess is that in teaching art school,
you honed your craft.
Oh, yeah, absolutely.
You have to put it into words and
demonstrate it.
It's more of a physical act because I'm
up there demonstrating.
And if you do a lecture tour,
which I did for two years,
every major art school, you know,
those people knew a lot.
And I would stand up there and I'd
say, boy, I know your stuff.
And I got really good at it, too.
Yeah.
Now, when I was writing you today,
when Joe was saying, hey, man, you know,
I loved your sketches.
You know, I don't know if you noticed,
but on your glossary,
he has gray back versions of all your
sketches for each letter.
Yeah,
so what he's looking to do is to
have more of those because they create a
very rich historical view of how those
letters were depicted to show things.
So what he was saying, you know,
I'd love to have more of those,
I'll code them all in graphically so
they're the background of the glossary.
And so that's what I was I was
kidding you about.
Come on, man.
Yah.
Needs more sketches.
I was trying to be facetious.
I heard that.
So I just want to make sure you
know that I'm just I'm.
Kidding with you here.
Kind of kidding with you on the square,
yes.
I think the gray back images that you
have add a degree of sophistication and
richness to the presentation.
I think they're beautiful.
It's your glossary.
And so your art behind the letters,
I think,
is a beautiful way to present it.
The more we understand the history of
those letters and what those letters,
those pictographs represented,
the more we understand the words,
It's one of the things that our math
major over here, Perry,
has found out that the more that you
look at the letters and what they convey,
particularly the difference between an ayin
and an aleph and why one is used
in one place and the other one is
used in another.
One is the ram and the leadership and
the door.
And also the bull and the strength and
ferocity.
But the other one is an eye, perception,
observation, understanding.
And they both convey very positive things.
And then you look at why is one
at the end of one word, like yada,
which one do you think is going to
be there?
I mean,
the word means to know which one do
you think is an aleph or an ayin,
a ram bull or an eye that is
going to be at the end of that
word.
Oh, it's an eye.
It's an eye.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
So you learn, you know, El God.
It's leadership.
It's the protector.
Which one do you think it's going to
be?
The ram bull or is it going to
be the eye?
Yeah, it's the ram bull.
Absolutely.
And ab father.
It's exactly the same thing.
It's, you know,
the father being observant is great,
but he's got to protect the family.
He's going to be the ram bull.
He's got to lead the family.
So it's the ram bull that is in
those roles.
And so you see which letters are used
and why they're used,
like Beryth covenant and beyth home.
Well,
what do you think the first letter is
going to be?
beyth, which is the drawing of a home.
And, you know,
what's the difference between beyth and
Beryth,
the home versus the covenant family?
There's only one letter difference.
It's an added letter.
Which one do you think it is?
It's the observant individual,
the person who listens,
the person who sees,
and the person who thinks and then speaks.
It's the observant individual that
transforms that home into the covenant
family.
You know, it's a really great language,
and the more time you spend at it,
and particularly if it is a bit laborious,
because there are so many exceptions in
Hebrew and the way things work and the
way that things are transliterated in our
lexicons to identify the root word.
There are lots and lots of different ways
to transliterate things,
lots of different ways to define them.
And it's the process of brute forcing it
a little bit.
Not just trying to say, well,
here's a simple rule.
I'll apply the rule.
It'll fix everything.
No,
you've got to read through it and make
sure that you're doing it correctly.
And the more you do that,
the more you come to know the material,
own the material, understand the material,
and appreciate what's God saying and how
he's building a mathematical model for us
to capitalize upon.
Six plus one equals seven, baby.
Yeah.
You know what's amazing, fellas?
Just totally amazing is that over the
course of a year and a half,
with all that we've learned as a result
of the prior team,
And the benefits of Yah's teaching,
the magnificence of his teaching about the
mother goddess cult and all that we've
gleaned and learned in Towrah,
and to facilitate this amalgamation of
this fantastic team, it's like, wow.
We would not have had this team.
You'd still be together,
although you were on the outs with the
old.
They really hated you.
And they disrespected Kirk.
And they only used JB for the one
line because you copied a line from me.
I said, don't trust me.
Validate these things for yourselves.
Well, they left that part out.
They just said, JB knows him,
and he wrote, don't trust him.
So that's how they used you.
So it is a we could not have
bonded the way we have.
And we would not have been together as
a group.
We would not have you.
Will would not have you.
Kevin would not have you, Kirk.
we wouldn't have Perry here.
And Leah was constantly harassed by them.
And when they left,
she became the mother of the covenant.
She is the one who has developed so
much of all of this.
And it brought in the likes of Mariah,
who has become so essential to us.
And it goes on and on.
And
uh you know I lay was talking about
uh your son is uh doing something that
is really special and she's uh was telling
me to be ready for the results that
days is really impressive what he is uh
what he's doing uh will and so it
uh and you know uh Kirk to uh
to go from where you were to Sylvia
now that's a heck of an upgrade uh
and you know the the feisty personality of
hers that's so judgmental and yet so
loving she's
She's the full expression of mind and
heart.
Yeah,
she's full expression of mind and heart.
And Kevin, you've been the anchor.
I mean, you are.
you are the foundation.
Uh, it, it really, it,
it all gels now around you, uh,
and what you've been able to, to, uh,
to do.
Um, uh, and then, uh,
having rich move here so that, uh,
we can do what we're supposed to do
and to do it in a robust manner
and to have somebody who is just,
you know, like a brother family, uh,
in support of what we're doing and so
comfortable to be around.
And so, uh,
utterly supportive.
It's just a tremendous blessing.
And here we are now with Perry having
joined us and each day growing closer.
And Rich and I talked about it and
said what a delight it is to see
him and his whole attitude because it's
You know, you're doing this twelve,
fourteen hours a day.
And yet you still have to have some
downtime because if you don't,
the human mind and spirit and everything,
it just doesn't doesn't work without that.
And yet he is very,
very good at coming in and going out.
He needs his time.
We need our time.
And yet the contribution is terrific.
And you look at that thing behind you.
He is he is he is.
I think I've always loved puzzles and
tough puzzles and thought that this one
and I had a systematic approach.
And, you know,
and I started this one and then he
took it over and he is he's a
much better puzzler than I am,
I'll tell you.
And it is nice in your own home
to see somebody that can outdo you with
something that you think you're good at
and that you love, you know.
You know,
a lot of people think I'm competitive.
No,
I'd much rather see somebody that I'm
close to and friendly with outperforming.
I mean,
that that is the thing that you look
for is is to be outperformed.
That means that, you know,
things are going great.
He is the master when it comes to
puzzling.
It's just the whole puzzle was your
nemesis till Perry got here.
Well, you know,
I did the easy part of it and
I began to lay the pieces out by
shape and color.
And then he took it to the next
level and framed the whole thing and then
built bridges inside of it.
And that was a very systematic approach.
And I looked...
I finally said, you know,
it's a a time reward kind of thing.
And this puzzle,
after I did the easy part,
I realized that I don't have the time
for the reward of seeing that puzzle
finished, even though I think, you know,
I mean, realistically,
at the end of the day,
I have to unwind.
I have to pull away from this.
You cannot do it twenty four hours a
day.
And particularly when you get to be older,
you have to have quiet time.
And so I don't have any problem,
whether it's watching news and developing
my mind in terms of understanding what's
happening in the world or taking time to
do a puzzle.
But this one
It just shows you that what I thought
was beyond the reach of time reward,
he had a different approach.
And he was not going to let that
puzzle go unsolved.
And it's not completely solved yet,
but it will be.
And it'll be fun.
We work together on it.
And it's a nice bonding experience.
And some people might say, come on,
that's a childish thing to build puzzles.
No, it's...
When you are able to put the pieces
of a puzzle together and you appreciate
how colors and lines and design and
framing work and how things fit together
and how you go about determining how
things to fit together,
it is really a marvelous lesson and
learning experience that I think sharpens
our minds in terms of reason.
everything I do relative to these
translations and the insights they are all
a puzzle that is being solved it is
that's exactly every word is a piece to
a puzzle they're shaded they have a place
that they go and they fit and when
you put them all together you see the
issue framed and it's a beautiful picture
that emerges and so that's exactly what
we're doing we are
We are putting together the most
complicated,
comprehensive puzzle in the universe in a
way for the first time it is seen
as beautiful and comprehensive and will be
one that we will always be improving on
the insights that can be derived from it.
And that's why I think we have full-time
employment going through the Millennial
Shabbat because even if everybody has a
copy of the Towrah,
somebody still needs to explain it.
and make the connections and show the
brilliance of the whole thing and how that
whole story fits together.
This team, this group,
it's all also about describing
neuroplasticity and synaptic plasticity to
a tee.
I would agree with you if I knew
what those words meant.
Yeah,
I would agree with you if I knew
what those words meant,
but they sound good.
And I'm going to say you're right.
Yes, I know exactly what you're saying,
and I agree with you, Dr. Jeff.
Sex makes you smarter.
You know, the all time lecture, Dr. Jeff,
that you have delivered is that sex makes
you smarter.
And not only did you say it with
a straight face, you proved it.
that sex makes you smarter because it
happens to be true.
The data, you know, the data don't lie.
What I'm talking, what I'm talking about,
it's, it's nothing that complicated.
It's the neurons in your brain and the
support structures in your brain brain are
malleable to improving in its function.
And
depending on what you do.
And it's a whole chemical soup and there's
a biologic basis to it and doing puzzles
and figuring things out
facilitate that.
It's been shown to decrease people with
cognitive difficulties and even
Alzheimer's disease.
You are a physician and you know that
every patient that comes to you is a
puzzle to be solved.
They have clues, they have symptoms.
You use the symptoms and the clues that
they are manifesting to solve the puzzle
as to what is ailing them and how
to treat them.
Is that not true?
Yeah.
Yeah,
they're a constellation of signs and
symptoms, as you're saying, and it's like,
you know, figure me out.
Exactly.
Put these pieces of the puzzle together
and use your experience and your education
to resolve that.
That's what we're doing in Yahowah's
testimony is we're using that exact same
process and it leads to the exact same
result.
And the more you do it,
the better you are at it.
But this job is much more magnificent
because while I've been trained to try and
again heal the flesh transiently,
I'm continuing as a student of the Towrah
to learn how to facilitate or
provide a conduit to eternal life.
I've referred to you and every member of
the covenant who is learned as ultimate
Raphael, the ultimate health givers,
because they can facilitate eternal life
and perpetuity.
la olowm wa ed
I could just do it in this window
of time.
We are physicians of the soul.
We're healers of the soul.
Exactly right.
And it's lovely and reassuring that God
has trusted us with that responsibility.
So just to all those who are going
to poo-poo and have their issues with sex
and whatever, uh-uh.
God says otherwise.
Biology says otherwise.
So...
That's it.
It is what it is.
Yep.
That's true.
Well,
I hope to have a better brain by
next week.
Okay.
There you go.
Sylvia's listening to this program.
She is going to participate in making Kirk
smarter.
We're going to test.
We're going to know whether or not Sylvia
was a loving wife and made you smarter
by this time next week, aren't we?
If it don't work, I'll just keep trying.
Exactly.
That was my answer with Leah.
Constantly, I said, you know,
you chose to marry me because you thought
I was smart.
And now you know that you're responsible
for making me smart.
There you go.
I have a puzzle for you to do,
Kirk.
We'll have a special puzzle for you.
Okay.
Sounds like fun.
All right.
Well, gentlemen, thank you.
It's been wonderful.
We've gone over three hours,
but what the heck?
It seems like fifteen minutes.
It's just family.
It's just family and talking it through.
So all of you out there who are
listening,
who are contributing on the various
YouTube channels, thank you for doing so.
Thank you for being part of this family.
Thank you for so many of you out
there that are contributing.
And we're seeing lives change.
Look at someone like Matt with cats and
how he is just blossoming at this point.
uh it it's just uh and Jake growing
up in this and making a contribution and
uh it just goes uh you know Joe
doing this uh uh it complimented Mary the
other day for uh what she had contributed
the first thing she said yeah I did
a lot of work on it it's all
true but I wasn't the only one and
I want you to uh to mention all
the work that Kevin did and Mariah did
uh to uh on this is uh well
and uh and taking
Kirk from analog to digital.
There you go.
Someone like Shannon.
Yes.
Oh, yeah.
And look at Shannon,
somebody that has visited everybody and
come here and been glue that brought
everybody together.
Look at how Leah has blossomed over this
last year and a half when she's finally
been released from the burden of the
bitchy women that were so derogatory to
her and smothered her.
That's why that one little video snippet
Yeah, they tried to bring me down,
but I survived and so can you.
I survived and thrived and so can you.
Uh, so it is, uh, it's truly amazing.
And occasionally, uh, and I, I know I,
a lot of people just work quietly behind
the, uh, the scenes, but, uh,
I'll look at something that's really
beautiful.
I said, well, I didn't do it.
That was done by so-and-so and, uh,
and it's just one name after another and
a relationship and so much being done
behind the scenes.
And it's beautiful.
You look at, you know,
just the details that we're sharing and
producing and building, um,
Man, if I were Yah, I'd be very,
very impressed.
I'd be very pleased, very impressed,
and say, yeah,
I'm happy that it's going to be our
home.
Hallelujah.
Yeah, hallelujah.
You turned blue there, Kirk.
So it's probably time for us to... Yeah.
And on that note... On that note,
we'll say good night.
Good night, everyone.
Thank you so much for Rich and your
contribution.
Good night, everyone.
Shabat Shalowm.
Hey there, thanks for tuning in.
That was Fetch.
Gotta run now.
Catch y'all on our next podcast.